
What have we done with innocence? It  with time, it  made much sense Adolescent resident Wasting  night on  my revenge  One in ten One in ten One in ten  Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this I'll  be your  wrench All this time to make amends What do you do when all your  are friends? Now and then I'll try to bend Under pressure, wind up  in the end  One in ten One in ten One in ten  Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this I'll  be your  wrench Temper One last  before I quit!  I  wanted any more than I  fit into my head! I  remember  single word you said, And all the shit that  came  with it! Still, there's one  that  me Since I was  caged and now I'm free Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this  I'll  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench
Run and tell all of the angels This  take all night Think I need a  to help me get  right Hook me up a new revolution  'Cause this one is a lie We sat  laughing and  the last one die I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life  Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of lying Make my way back home when I  to fly  I  I'm done  the patience I can wait one night I'd give it all away if you give me one last try We'll live  ever  if you just save my life  Run and tell the  that  is alright I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life Looking for  to help me burn out bright  I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to fly Make my way back home when I  to  Fly  with me, I can't  make it alone Try and make this life my own Fly  with me, I can't  make it alone Try and make this life my own  I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication  Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life  Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to fly  Make my way back home when I  to fly Make my way back home when I  to,  to,  to
You make me dizzy Running  in my head One of  days I'll  you down Well look who's  crazy now We're face to face my friend Better get out Better get out  You know you make me breakout Make me breakout  I don't  look like that I don't  look like that  You know you make me breakout Make me breakout  I don't  look like that I don't  look like that Know you make me breakout  You can see this on my face It's all for you The more and more I take I  right through Therapy  scares me Putting me on my back again I may be crazy,  frayed  the ends One of  days I'll  you out  Burn it in the  off Burn it in the  off Watch me  away Try to get out Try to get out  You know you make me breakout Make me breakout  I don't  look like that I don't  look like that  You know you make me breakout Make me breakout  I don't  look like that I don't  look like that I don't  look like that  Breakout! Go, go, go  You know you make me breakout Make me breakout  I don't  look like that I don't  look like that Know you make me breakout
I'm  a cow I'm not  to blow it now For all the cows For all the cows  It's  how  Money  all to  and be endowed This wish is true  It  into  new the cow is you The cow is you  My kind has all run out, as if  could blend Some time if time allows,  worn in Everything worn in Everything worn in, like it's a friend  I said you're all  A  doll  And it  the  to fall How far is he?  Impatiently That's as far as far can be As far can be  My kind has all run out, as if  could blend Some time if time allows,  worn in Everything worn in Everything worn in, like it's a friend  I'm  a cow I'm not  to blow it now For all the cows It's  how  Money  all to  and be endowed And be endowed  My kind has all run out, as if  could blend Some time if time allows,  worn in Everything worn in Everything worn in, like it's a friend
Oh  mirror You're  in clear I'm  somewhere in between I'm impressed What a  chest I  meant to make a big scene  Will you  to the  design You look so  when you  up in dreams One more for hire Or  liar? I  its time we all  come clean  Stack dead actors Stacked to the rafters Line up the bastards All I want is the truth  Hey hey now, can you fake it? Can you make it look like we want? Hey hey now, can you take it? And we cry when they all die blond?  God bless, what a  mess Yeah but  aren't  what they seem Your  eyes Your  disguise Never  who to believe  See through Yeah, but what do you do? When you're just  aging drag queen?  Stack dead actors Stacked to the rafters Line up the bastards All I want is the truth  Hey hey now, can you fake it? Can you make it look like we want? Hey hey now, can you take it? And we cry when they all die blond?
Real life is so hard We hide in the stars That's  our  are My head and your heart  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  When you are so far I'm  part Lose all my sonar You jam my radar  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  Sometimes I feel I'm  stuck Between the  and the f*ck You've got me on guard I've got my head start My head and your heart The same in the stars  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  Sometimes I feel I'm  stuck Between the  and the f*ck Brain, brain, brain, brain Okay
You  there's  else To  your emptiness And you  about yourself And you  and  the air And its on and on and on and on and on  I just  died for you You just  stared at me We will  have the chance We can do this one more time  Hell yeah, I  aurora Hell yeah, I  aurora All this time Hell yeah, I  aurora  Take me now You spin the sun around And the  will all come out Then we turn and come back down Turn and come back down  You  there's  else Where it's  than this And you see  yourself And you buy the hole you'll fill And it's on and on and on and on and on  Hell yeah, I  aurora Hell yeah, I  aurora All this time Hell yeah, I  aurora  Take me now You spin the sun around And the  will all come out Then we turn and come back down Turn and come back down On and on and on aurora Wait for everyone Wait till the last one's done  Take me now You spin the sun around And the  will all come out Then we turn and come back down Turn and come back down Turn and come back down  On and on and on and on...
Spaceboy, you're  now Your  is so stationary You're  but your  calls And I want to be free  Don't you want to be free Do you like  or boys It's  these days But  will  you Cover you  This  is  me  So bye bye love Yeah bye bye love Bye bye love Yeah bye bye love  This  is  me  Hallo, Spaceboy, you're  now Your  is so stationary You're  but your  calls And I want to be free  Don't you want to be free Do you like  or boys It's  these days But  will  you Cover you  And the  is  me (Moondust) Yeah bye bye love (Moondust) So bye bye love (Moondust) Yeah bye bye love So bye bye love  This  is  me This  is  me  Yeah bye bye love Bye bye love Good time love Be  sweet dove Bye bye spaceboy Bye bye love  Moondust will  you Moondust will  you Moondust will  you Moondust will  you Moondust will  you
I don't  be king I just  sing a love song Pretend there's  wrong You can sing  with me I don't  be queen Just  to keep my t-shirt clean  There's one  I have learned If it gets much better It's  to get worse  And you get what you deserve  And you get what you deserve
Wake up Run for your life with me Wake up Run for your life with me  In  perfect life In  perfect light We run We run We run  The rats are on parade Another mad charade What you  do? The  are on the chase Everything's erased What you  do? I need some room to breath You can stay asleep If you  to They say that's  free You can run with me If you  to  Yeah you can run with me If you  to  Before the time runs out There's  to run Wake up Run for your life with me Wake up Run for your life with me  In  perfect life In  perfect light We run We run We run Run!  We are the nation's stakes If everything's erased What you gonna' do? I need some room to breathe You can run with me If you  to  Yeah you can run with me If you  to  Before the time runs out There's  to run Wake up Run for your life with me Wake up Run for your life with me  In  perfect life In  perfect light We run We run We run Run!  Wake up Run for your life with me Wake up Run for your life with me  In  perfect life In  perfect light We run We run We run Run!
Everybody needs,  needs Needs a  suffer I just  do, I just  do Do a  number Bite the hand that feeds, bite the hand that feeds Bite a  harder What's it  take, what's it  take Gonna take a lover  Hop on the  to  baby Don't you  hitch a ride? Lights go out and your head  spinning Someone got you hypnotized Down on the chain, your bad tuxedo Brother can you  a dime? Count what's left when it's all gone wrong How you  make it right? How you  make it right?  Everybody breathe,  breathe Breathe a  deeper Got no soul to keep, got no soul to keep Ain't no brother's keeper I don't fuckin' need, I don't fuckin' need I don't need a matyr Who's it  be? Who's it  be? Gonna be another  Hop on the  to  baby Don't you  hitch a ride? Lights go out and your head  spinning Someone got you hypnotized Down on the chain, your bad tuxedo Brother can you  a dime? Count what's left when it's all gone wrong How you  make it right? How you  make it right? Gonna make it right How you  make it right? Gonna make it right  Hop on the  to  baby Don't you  hitch a ride? Lights go out and your head  spinning Someone got you hypnotized Down on the chain, your bad tuxedo Brother can you  a dime? Count what's left when it's all gone wrong How you  make it right? How you  make it right? How you  make it right? Gonna make it right Gonna make it right
Ah ah  Ah ah Ah ah  The sky is a neighborhood So keep it down heart is a storybook A star  out  The sky is a neighborhood Don't make a sound Lights  up ahead Don't look now  The sky is a neighborhood The sky is a neighborhood Don't look now  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Mind is a battlefield All hope is gone Trouble to the  and left Whose side you're on?  Thoughts like a minefield I'm a  bomb Maybe you  watch your step Don't get lost  The sky is a neighborhood The sky is a neighborhood Don't get lost  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  The sky is a neighborhood  heart is a storybook A star  out Something  up ahead Don't look now  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  (The sky is a neighborhood) Oh my dear  is a big band now Gotta get to  somehow (The sky is a neighborhood) Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  The sky is a neighborhood
Look out 'cause you know what you're doing Turn up the  ruse Whitehouse,  in June Jim  painting in a blue bedroom You don't know this, La Dee Da You don't own this, how bizzarre Keep your  promise to yourself  Do you know this, La Dee Da? Got me goin', how bizzarre Keep your  promise to yourself Dear god  Hate If I want to Love Who I like Hate If I want to Hate Psychic  and  in June Jim  painting in a blue bedroom Hate If I want to Hate  You can save me, La Dee Da Give or take me, how bizzarre Keep your  promise to yourself Keep your  promise to yourself Dear god  Hate If I want to Love Who I like Hate If I want to Hate Psychic  and  in June Jim  painting in a blue bedroom  Hate If I want to Alright  Hate If I want to Love Who I like Hate If I want to Hate Psychic  and  in June Jim  painting in a blue bedroom Hate If I want to Hate Keep your  crosses to yourself
I've been  dirty water But I've been here before,  all The  hour is upon us So you and I can sing  songs  In my  I'm  ladders And then I  down, rung by rung And I keep on  faster The  is echoing, on and on On and on  I feel an  coming on I feel the  in my bones I'm a  disaster You're the  after all my storms  You're my sea of  flowers Standing in the sun, row by row I've been  dirty water The  of  revenge, best  cold All we know  I feel an  coming on I feel the  in my bones I'm a  disaster And you're the  after all my storms  Bleed  water,  dirty sky Bleed  water,  dirty sky Bleed  water,  dirty sky Bleed  water,  dirty sky Bleed  water,  dirty sky Bleed  water,  dirty sky  I feel an  coming on I feel the  in my bones 'Cause I'm a  disaster Dirty  in my blood  I feel a  coming on Heavy  in my bones 'Cause I'm a  disaster You're the  after all my storms
She was a  of mine Alone on a dead end street Dancing  life On the  lines  She led a  life Ends, they don't  meet Years  her by Waiting to rise  She had  in her eyes Fear  her  should be War in her mind  Arrows in her eyes Fear  her  should be War in her mind Shame in her cries  Arrows in her eyes Tears in her arteries War in her mind Shame as she cries Fire away  Under a  light Screaming biology Queen Gemini The  in her sights  I want a new life Forming  of me Blessed and born Into this fire  You had  in your eyes Fear  your  should be War in your mind  Arrows in her /your eyes  ?? Fear  your  should be War in your mind Shame in your cries  Arrows in your eyes Tears in your arteries War in your mind Shame as you cry Fire away  Arrows in her eyes Fear  her  should be War in her mind Shame in her cries  Arrows in her eyes Tears in her arteries War in her mind Shame as she cries Fire away
The sun went down on  perfect day Busy  shadows on the wall The  are  up the  bed Roses in the  jar Blood on the thorns Drink  the  is gone  Cracks in the  are deep From  to the  of  burning out Heavy from  your resignations Licking  envelopes Blood on your tongue Drink  the  is gone  Where is your  la now? Where is your  la now? Counting down to zero hour There ain't no  now There ain't no superheroes, they're underground Happy ever after Counting down to zero hour  There ain't no  now There ain't no superheroes, they're underground Happy ever after Counting down to zero hour  Where is your  la now? (where's your  la?) Where is your  la now? (where's your  la?) Counting down to zero hour There ain't no  now There ain't no superheroes, they're underground Happy ever after Counting down to zero hour  There ain't no  now There ain't no superheroes, they're underground Happy ever after Counting down to zero hour
You say I take it for granted I say you've  it all Say you can take it or  it You got your head in the ceiling When are you  come down? When you're that high, can you feel it?  Don't  me  in your  rain It's  down the  I go Don't  me  in your  rain It's  a shame, oh no  You  tell me a secret You  I'm  find out You tell the lie, you  keep it Don't  know  it's leading Don't want to  you 'round My  mistake was believing  Don't  me  in your  rain It's  down the  I go Don't  me  in your  rain It's  a shame, oh no  Are you a  afraid? A  alone? A  exhausted? Do you give it away? (do you give it away?) Do you let go? (do you let go?) Where do you find it?  Don't  me  in your  rain It's  down the  I go Don't  me  in your  rain It's  a shame, oh no  Don't  me  in your  rain It's  down the  I go Don't  me  in your  rain It's  a shame, oh no  Are you a  afraid? A  alone? A  exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? How do you find it?  Are you a  afraid? A  alone? A  exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go? How do you find it?  Are you a  afraid? A  alone? A  exhausted? Do you give it away? Do you let go?  Oh
Yes or no? What is truth But a  black  coming out of the blue? I was wrong I was right I'm a  moon born in the dead of night  Break my bones I don't care All I ever  was a body to share Heart's gone cold Brush ran dry Satellite  for a sign of life Like you  Somewhere? Are you there?  The  in your eyes Someday will dry We  for our lives 'Cause everything's on the line This time  Listen close I can't hide I'm a page torn from a  spine Sun gets low I get high Satellite  for a sign of life Like you  Somewhere? Are you there? The  in your eyes Someday will dry We  for our lives 'Cause everything's on the line This time  Are you there? Are you there?  The  in your eyes Someday will dry We  for our lives 'Cause everything's on the line This time  The  in your eyes Someday will dry We  for our lives 'Cause everything's on the line  Yes or no? What is truth But a  black  coming out of the blue I was wrong I was right I'm a  moon born in the dead of night
You lost your mind I  not go What  time we spent A  on the floor  My desperation A  top Revolving on and on A  that  stops  Is it all mine? How  I know? We  the rind away Swallowed all the core  Tried levitation You're not alone The  are  open A door we'll  close  I have an  made of gold Something so beautiful The  will  know Our  are  than you know Up  the  we will grow  Is it all mine? I can't let go What  time we spent A  on the floor My desparation Is this a curse? 'Til  do us part For  or for worse  I have an  made of gold Something so beautiful The  will  know  Our  are  than you know Up  the  we will grow Our  are  than you know Up  the  we will grow
Hello I've  here for you Everlong  Tonight I  myself in two Out of the red Out of her head she sang  Come down and  away with me Down with me Slow, how you  it to be I'm over my head Out of her head she sang  And I wonder When I sing  with you If  could ever feel this real forever If  could ever be this good again The only  I'll ever ask of you You've got to  not to stop when I say when She sang  Breathe out So I can  you in Hold you in And now I know you've  been Out of your head Out of my head I sang  And I wonder When I sing  with you If  could ever feel this real forever If  could ever be this good again The only  I'll ever ask of you You've got to  not to stop when I say when She sang  And I wonder If  could ever feel this real forever If  could ever be this good again The only  I'll ever ask of you You've got to  not to stop when I say when
I've got  confession to make I'm your fool Everyone's got  chains to break Holdin' you  Were you born to  or be abused? Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you?  Are you gone and onto  new? I  somewhere to hang my head Without your noose You gave me  that I didn't have But had no use I was too weak to give in Too  to lose My  is  arrest again But I  loose My head is  me life or death But I can't choose I  I'll  give in I refuse  Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Has  taken your faith? Its real, the pain you feel You trust, you must Confess Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Oh  Oh Oh Oh Oh  Has  taken your faith? Its real, the pain you feel The life, the love You die to heal The hope that starts The  hearts You trust, you must Confess  Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you?  I've got  confession my friend I'm no fool I'm  tired of  again Somewhere new  Were you born to  or be abused? I  I'll  give in I refuse  Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Has  taken your faith? Its real, the pain you feel You trust, you must Confess Is  getting the best, the best, the best, the best of you? Oh
Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend Keep you in the dark And so it all began  Send in your skeletons Sing as  bones go  in, again The need you  deep The  that you keep are ever ready Are you ready? I'm  making sense Done  ignorance That  defense  Spinning infinity, boy The  is  me It's never-ending, never-ending Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  In time our soul untold I'm just  soul for sale, oh well The page is out of print We are not permanent We're temporary, temporary Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  I'm the  inside your head You  to hear I'm the face that you have to face Mirrored in your stare I'm what's left, I'm what's right I'm the enemy I'm the hand that will take you down Bring you to your knees  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?  Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?
There ain't no  anymore My name's been  on the hook  your door Just an old eyesore  I got this feeling, I can't keep it down anymore Bring me some healing Saint Cecilia,  me home to your  of  bones  You're out of sight, I'm out of mind Been  watch your  drying on the line Just a game of mine  I got this feeling, I can't keep it down anymore Bring me some healing Saint Cecilia,  me home to your  of  bones  I know no  what I say Days will come and go No  what I say Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by  I know no  what I say Days will come and go No  what I say Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by  I got this feeling, I can't keep it down anymore Bring me some healing Saint Cecilia,  me home to your  of  bones  I know no  what I say Days will come and go No  what I say Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by  I know no  what I say Days will come and go No  what I say Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by  I know no  what I say (Saint Cecilia) Days will come and go No  what I say Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by  I know no  what I say (Saint Cecilia) Days will come and go No  what I say (Saint Cecilia) Nothing's set in stone No  what I say Days go by
Hey I'm glad I  you on the phone Thirty  until I’m back home Been hallucinating, me and Sean Time to turn his  on Yeah who you  from?  Someone left  haircut on the lawn Twenty  until I'm back home Been commiserating, me and Sean Think your face is  long Yeah who you  from?  (Sean)  You've been  in the waves Waiting in the waves  I've been  poison just for fun 13  till I'm back home Been obliterated, me and Sean Getting good at  gone Yeah who you  from?  (Sean)
Breathe oh  now  me So  me, I'm onto you My oh my, now testify I'm  by my  on you  Where you been? How far'd you get? I got this sin I  for you I don't need your remedy I  be right Sick of you  Sweet as  at  we were alive Cringe and burn [?] now mark my  and Save your breath Cause it's mine Save your breath Cause it's mine  Open wide, my crucify I  ride my  on you Nervous we, oh jealousy It's  be  debt to you Bang bang bang Ain't no time Bang bang bang Ain't no time  Sweet as  at  we were alive Cringe and burn [?] now mark my  so Save your breath Cause it's mine Save your   Cause it's mine  Bang bang bang Ain't no time Bang bang bang Ain't no time  Sweet as  now mark my  and Save your   Cause it's mine Save your   Cause it's mine Save your   Cause it's mine
Have you ever been dumb  to do what you  to do Without good  coming over you? Have you ever been  enough to feel what you  to feel? Take back  years for  real  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture Held  my will  Have you ever been  enough to say what you  to say Without no  getting in the way? Have you ever been in love  to be who you  to be? I won't mind you if you won't mind me  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture Held  my will  Can you  we're older? I won't  it's over now Do you  being children? Do you  when? Now  I'm an iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture An iron rooster Cold and still Irregular sculpture An iron rooster Held  my will
Woe is me The end is near,  you'd  leave Heart and teeth Just to  bittersweet One last  to get  the skin Beneath the skin  The wish is  inside The  sigh No one lets  in No one lets  in My exit, no exit No one lets  in  Me and you Draw the line Now it's time to move Face to face Damn the luck,  be Heaven, what's come over me?  The  come inside The  sigh No one lets  in No one lets  in My exit, no exit Go on let  in No one lets  in  No one lets  in No one lets  in My exit, no exit Go on let  in No one lets  in
I was  for something Maybe  machines That's when I  Lily The best I've ever seen  Put her on the ceiling Try to make her my own People line up to see But  never  to be Enough space 
Visiting is pretty Visiting is good Seems that all they ever  was a brother  This can be a secret We can keep it good Even all the ever  had a problem  This is a call to all my Past resignations It's been too long  Fingernails are pretty Fingernails are good Seems that all they ever  was a marking  Them  are  big And say they should Ever fall to ground Call the  marker  This is a call to all my Past resignations This is a call to all This is a call to all my Past resignations It's been too long  Minicyn is pretty Minicyn is good Seems that all the  and  tend to barter  Ritalin is easy Ritalin is good Even all the ones Who  down the daughter
Able bodied, chew the word Cop to plenty, sell the tour Split the moment, seal the sheet Take the hemlock, beg to see  Feed the lawn from the  of  hands Never holding, to a pole Winnebago, we were one Hold in wonder,  and wheel She divorces,  zeal  Daddy  little son, no demand Able bodied, chew the word Cop to plenty, sell the tour Split the moment, seal the sheet Take the hemlock, beg to see  Crawl along, lookin' up 'til you standorld
When I talk  it It  on Reasons only knew When I talk  it Aries or  all renew  Big me to talk  it I  stand to prove If we can get  it I know that it's true  When I  about it Carried on Reasons only knew  But it's you I fell into Well I  about it Put it on Never was it true But it's you I fell into
Real life is so hard We hide in the stars That's  our  are My head and your heart  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  When you are so far I'm  part Lose all my sonar You jam my radar  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  Sometimes I feel I'm  stuck Between the  and the f*ck You've got me on guard I've got my head start My head and your heart The same in the stars  This is a blackout Don't let it go to waste This is a blackout I want to detonate  Sometimes I feel I'm  stuck Between the  and the f*ck Brain, brain, brain, brain Okay
Gas  there's a light.  Stay at home don't feel right.  In my room all the time  Trapped  this  mind.  Gas  cannot breathe.  Time for  cannot leave.   In my room all the time  Trapped  this  mind.  No  no no  No  gas   Oh no  No action
Power is as  to  that they  even teach Only if it's  or  see the challenges Open eyes are  if you'd just  me Cut you loose, I feel like I  gotta go!  Find an  help yourself Find an  help yourself  Whatever kind of  body  it  the night Soda is left to  away the case of  heart Spit out fast for fun for it's the only way to win Take my  come back inside, oh I  gotta go!  I got the  help yourself Find any  help yourself Help yourself, help yourself, help yourself
They knew all along They're not dumb, they were so wrong She's not  fun Hate it now, call when I'm done  Pieces fell in place Puzzles suck,  in my face Turn and  the pace I'll give this, keep the good waist  Head is on I want out I'm  and I'm an easy target Metronome I want out I'm  and I'm an easy target  Crazy   might be true Not what it seems. Food and cavities,  words Tear at the seams He don't feel so good, don't feel bad Not that he should I don't feel so good, don't feel bad Not that I should  Did you ever listen? Get out
Too alarmin' now to talk about Take your  down and  it out Truth or consequence, say it aloud Use that evidence, race it around  There goes my hero Watch him as he goes There goes my hero He's ordinary  Don't the best of them  it out While the rest of them  out? Truth or consequence, say it aloud Use that evidence, race it around  There goes my hero Watch him as he goes There goes my hero He's ordinary  Kudos, my hero, leavin' all the best You know my hero, the one that's on There goes my hero Watch him as he goes There goes my hero He's ordinary There goes my hero Watch him as he goes There goes my hero He's ordinary
Give me the  light I'm cold as a match,  to strike So here I go  Here lies a city on fire Singing along The  choir Now here I go  It's  with a spark And burn into the dark Now here I go  There is a  I've found Into the wild Under the ground So here I go  A  on a string And I  everything Now here I go  Oh  ignition be my fuse You have no  you have to choose Bid  to yesterday Say  I'm on my way  But in the end we all Come from what's come before So here I go  Oh  ignition be my fuse You have no  you have to choose Bid  to yesterday Say  I'm on my way  I  it all away because I had to be what  was Been so  I  lie Took my word, I took your wine  And held you in my  hands These  bones and  bands Washed them in the  water Looking for a dime and  a quarter  But you can't make me  my name They'll  make me  my name Pay no mind now ain't that's something F*ck it all I came from nothing  I'm  from nothing You are my fuse I'm  from nothing You are my fuse  It goes oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh It goes oh, oh, oh All rise!  No you can't make me  my name You'll  make me  my name Pay no mind no wait that's something F*ck it all I came from nothing  I'm something From nothing I'm something From nothing
That  they were  for truth Down on the  of 14th and U They took your soul and they took you for fools Took all the  from  and schools Now what's a poor man left to do?  One  now  in two You  untying the  of the youth New kids hear the  of the drumming Mother  your  is coming Yesterday and today Revolution on its way  Amen It was The  and the Famine Amen It was The  and the Famine Feast and the Famine  Crossroads with  to lose Out of the  and in to the news Come change, now shit  heavy Salvation at the ready You look when I  by Still  'til I die You can't find  if you can't find a home You can't  as an  alone Black  with a  wound Put back  by a  groove Check yourself Wreck your brains Where is that P.M.A.?  Amen It was The  and the Famine Amen It was The  and the Famine Feast and the Famine  Hey,  is the monument? To the  we forget? We need a monument And  will come Yeah  will come Is  anybody there? (Anybody there?) Anybody there? (Anybody there?) There?  Amen It was The  and the Famine Amen It was The  and the Famine Feast and the Famine  Amen Where is the monument? To the  we forget? Amen We need a monument And  will come Is  anybody there? (Anybody there?) Anybody there? (Anybody there?) There?
Well, I met the  son He came for everyone The day he  the  in the field I  him  his throat A fork  the road That  the  took the wheel  I’ve been  knives To see just  they land Now my  is in your hands  Send in the congregation Open your eyes, step in the light A  generation Just as you were  The  upon the stage Is the  inside a cage And they’re  like a  in the round There’s  in this wood And  within  roots That are  deep  this  ground  I've been  through life Making  plans Now my  is in your hands  Send in the congregation Open your eyes, step in the light A  generation Just as you were  And you need  faith No  hope Do you have  faith? No  hope Where is your  faith? No  hope Open your eyes, open your eyes Step into the light Open your eyes, step into the light The  becomes  Congregation A congregation A congregation, yeah And they're  like a  in the round
There you go again Putting  into my mouth This one's for you to know And for me to find out  All that trouble, and you on about How you  know, til you hear it out loud Stop, ask  what did I do? What did I do to  you? Come on, tell me now what did I do? What did I do to  you?  I  every word comin' from the 13th floor Your song came along And I  the  telling me to save yourself I'll  yourself  I stop, ask  what did I do? What can I do to  you? Come on, tell me now, what can I do? What can I do to  you?  Your name, year of fame I  see the  on the wall Come on, flip a coin, bet it's  to tell you To save yourself, I'll  yourself  Your man, channelin', knowin' by the X on his hand You raise,  singin' at the gate To save yourself, I'll  yourself  So here I go again Putting  into your mouth This one's for me to know And for you to find out  All that  and I'm on about How you  know, til you hear it out loud All of your heroes,  are they now?  I'm lost,  me I  the  finally God as my witness Yeah it's  heal my soul tonight God as my witness Yeah it's  heal my soul tonight God as my witness Yeah it's  heal my soul tonight  God as my witness Yeah you  heal my soul tonight God as my witness Yeah you  heal my soul tonight
There you are  at your altar Beautiful earthling,  in Kashmir All of your  echoes in the canyons Down  they're dreaming Hear the  screaming Another time,  world Girls were boys and boys were girls Find the  in the litter Like a haunt, it's got to move Everybody  some room There's  out there  There's a long  road, out of the cold And we can  it all behind I  get outside, baby, let's get outside I  get outside, outside, of me  Oh, I  the  between the spaces Standing in the nothing, and time will  to And as the wind will beat you down And the wind the only sound There's  out there  There's a long  road, out of the cold And we can  it all behind I  get outside, baby, let's get outside I  get outside, outside, of me  There's a long  road, out of the cold And we can  it all behind I  get outside, baby, let's get outside I  get outside, outside, of me
There are days I  not make it There are days I  start brakin’ When the rain  coming down as  as the air You can find me  with the spear It’s in the  god damn I swear  There are  I feel like givin' in There are  I  to  again Look  the  keeps  like a  wheel Rolling for the  hearted  on the heel  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  In the clear  There are  I don't remember There are  I don't remember How  I  you  stars into the sky Coming like a  marching in the  life  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  In the clear  And if I  drown May this be the sound To wash me out!  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  You know I'm not in the clear You are not in the clear Don’t you go  me out now dear  In the clear
Nothing left within, I've been mined Hell and back again, subterranean I've been  in down inside I will  again, subterranean  But the  is so unkind What do you know, how low the sky Yet the  is so unkind What do you know, how low the sky  You  think you know me I know damn well you don't Oh no, oh no, you don't  You  think you own me I know damn well you don't Oh no, oh no, you don't  Buried my heart,  go this alone, oh no Poison this house, god in the stone Oh no, you don't  Nothing left within, I've been mined Hell and back again, subterranean I've been  in down inside I will  again, subterranean  But the  is so unkind What do you know, how low the sky  You  think you owe me I know damn well you don't Oh no, oh no, you don't  I  think you love me But I know damn well you don't Oh no, oh no, you don't  Bring all your lies  them deep in the dirt Oh no, you don't Pull down my eyes Lay me deep in the earth Oh no, you don't  Nothing left within, I've been mined Hell and back again, subterranean I've been  in down inside I will  again, subterranean
There is a secret I  a secret Behind a Soho door  There is a reason I  a reason Beneath the  floor  I  the water The  water And  along its shore  Is that what you want?  The channel’s changing The  is racing From  on a wire  The soul is yearning The cold is burning The  starts a fire  Can we recover Love for each other The  of your life  Is that what you want? Is that what you  want  A river A river A  running  ground  A river A river Is that what you want? Is that what you  want?  I! I! I am a river  Is that what you want Is that what you  want  I! I! I am a river  I am a river!  I! I! I am a river
Some  are born Made to wave the flag, Oh, they're red, whit and blue. And when the band  "Hail to the chief", They  the  right at you.  It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no senator's son. It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no  one.  Some  are born Silver  in hand, Lord don't they help themselves. But when the tax man  to the door, Lord, the  looks like a  sale.  It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no millionaire's son. It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no  one.  Some  inherit Star  eyes, Ooh, they send you down to war. And when you ask them, "How much  we give?" They only  "More! More! More!"  It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no  son. It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no  one.  It ain't me, It ain't me. I ain't no  Son.
A  miles away Your  in the distance To whom it may concern I  I lost my way Getting good at  over Every time that I return  Learning to walk again I  I've  long enough Where do I begin? Learning to talk again Can't you see I've  long enough? Where do I begin?  Do you  the days? We  these  mountains Then sat and  them burn I  I  my place Can't you feel it  stronger Little conquerors  Learning to walk again I  I've  long enough Where do I begin? Learning to talk again I  I've  long enough Where do I begin?  Now, For the very  time Don't you pay no mind Set me free, again To keep alive, a  at a time That's  inside, a  to a riot The sacrifice, the  to survive The  decline,  state of mind I'm on my knees, I'm  for a sign Forever, whenever, I  wanna die  I  wanna die I  wanna die I'm on my knees, I  wanna die I'm  on my grave I'm  through the fire Forever, whenever I  wanna die I  wanna leave I'll  say goodbye Forever, whenever Forever, whenever  Learning to walk again I  I've  long enough Where do I begin? Learning to talk again Can't you see I've  long enough? Where do I begin?  Learning to walk again I  I've  long enough Learning to talk again Can't you see I've  long enough?
One more day that I've survived Another  alone Pay no mind I'm  fine I'm  on my own  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Wake me when the hour arrives Wake me with my name See you  down the line We're  once again  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Was it you? Sat alone Here we go  Close and stay a while To take me  you go Single file we walk the mile Who's  back home  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Was it you? Sat alone Here we go Here we go Here we go Here we go

Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free Bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp I feel free  Feel when I  with you We move like the sea You, you're all I want to know  I feel free I feel free I feel free I can walk down the street, there's no one there Though the  are one huge crowd I can  down the road; my eyes don't see Though my mind  to cry out loud  I, I, I, I feel free I feel free I feel free  I can walk down the street, there's no one there Though the  are one huge crowd I can  down the road; my eyes don't see Though my mind  to cry out loud Though my mind  to cry out loud  Dance  is like the sea Ceiling is the sky You're the sun and as you  on me  I feel free I feel free I feel free  I, I, I, I
Sometimes I can't help the  that,  I'm  a life of illusion And oh, why can't we let it be And see  the hole in this wall of confusion I just can't help the feeling I'm  a life of illusion  Pow!  between the eyes Oh, how  loves her  surprises Wow, it all  so  now It's just one of her  disguises And it  with no warning Nature  her  surprises Continual crisis  Hey, don't you know it's a  of your day Caught up in  solutions That have no meaning, just  hunch Based upon  conclusions Endless solutions Backed up  a wall of confusion  I'm  a life of illusion I'm  a life of illusion I'm  a life of illusion I'm  a life of illusion
I knew a girl  Nikki I  you  say she was a sex fiend I met her in a  lobby Masturbating with a magazine  She said how'd you like to  some time  And I  not  when I saw  Nikki grind  She took me to her castle And I just couldn't  my eyes She had so many devices Everything that  could buy She said sign your name on the  line The  went out And  started to grind  Ahh! Nikki! Oh  The  started spinning Or  it was my brain I can't tell you what she did to me But my body will  be the same Her lovin' will kick your behind Oh, she'll show you no mercy But she'll sho' 'nough sho' 'nough show you how to grind  Woke up the next morning Nikki wasn't there I  all over and all I found Was a  number on the stairs It said  you for a  time Call me up  you want to grind  Ah! Nikki! Oh Ah! Come back Nikki!  Come back!
Down in the park  the  meet The  and play kill by numbers Down in the park with a  called five I was in a car  or was it the war But I  been  the same Little  lies like I was there  Come to tom-tom's the  to eat Like it was  in one day You can wath the  trying to run Oh look, there's a rape machine I'd go  if it'd look the  way Wouldn't  the  they do  Down in the park Where the  is death, death, death Til' sun  morning Down in the park with  of mine We are not lovers, we are not romantics We are here to serve Different face but the  never change
Winding you way down to  street Light in your head and dead on your feet Well  crazy day You'll  the  away  And  about everything  This city's  makes you feel so cold Its got so many  but its got no soul And its  you so long To find out you were wrong When you  it had everything  You used to  that it was so easy You used to say that it was so easy But you're trying, you're  now  Another year and then you'll be happy Just one more year and then you'll be happy But you're  you're  now  Way down the  there's a  in his place Opens the door He's got that look on his face And he asks you were you've been You tell him who you've seen  And you talk  everything  He's got this  about  some land He's  give up the  and the one  stands And then he'll  down  In some  little town  And  about everything  But you know he'll  keep moving You know he's  gonna stop moving 'Cause he's rolling, he's the  stone  When you wake up its a new morning The sun is  its a new morning You're going, your going' home
Danny says we  go  Gotta go to Idaho,  But we can't go   'cause its 20 below  Sound  at 5 o' 2  Record  and   Oh but I can wait to be with you  Tomorrow  Baby oh oh oh  We got  to go  And it may seem   But it's true uhu uhuu  Hanging out in 100 feet  Watchin' get  on   Thinkin'  you and me and you and me  Hangin' out in here  Having  to go o  I ain't  if  ain't no snow  Listening to  on the radio  Danny says we  go  Gotta go to   But we can't go   Cause its 20 below  Baby oh oh oh  We got  to go  And it may seem   But it's true uhu uhuu  Hanging out in 100 feet  Watchin' get  on   Thinkin'  you and me and you and me  Uh uh uh uh
Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar.  You're  go far,  You're  fly high,  You're  gonna die,  You're  make it if you try,  They're  love you.   Well I've  had a deep respect,  And I mean that most sincerely.  The band is just fantastic,  That is  what I think.  Oh by the way,  one's Pink?   And did we tell you the name of the game, boy,  We call it  the  Train.   We're just  out.  We  about the sell out.  You  get an  out.  You owe it to the people.  We're so  we can  count.   Everyone else is just green,  Have you seen the chart?  It's a  start,  It  be made into a   If we all pull  as a team.   And did we tell you the name of the game, boy,  We call it  the  Train.
If I had my way If I had to lose Wouldn't take back one thing,  had much to choose Then it  on me Coming down on you Like a cold sky  under a  moon  You've  all your life Your wish is  true Bless your  for  me  outta you  Miss the misery Need a  for a change Need a  to explain So turn it on again Don't  your mind Your  light Get in and let's go Go  What a nice long leash What a nice  noose Never  for me but sure look good on you You've  all your life Your wish is  true Bless your  for  me  outta you  Miss the misery Need a  for a change Need a  to refrain So turn it on again Don't  your mind Your  light Get in and let's go Go  Miss the misery Gimme a  for a change Miss the misery Gimme a  to refrain Miss your  in a day Miss your  in a day Come on and turn it on for me  Don't  your mind Your  light Don't make this right Don't make this right Get in and let's go Go
I am a one way motorway I'm the one that  away Then  you back home I am a  light shining I'm a wild  blinding bright Burning off alone  It's  like  you  to live again It's  like  you give and give again It's  like  you  to love again It's  like  time and time again  I am a new day rising I'm a  new sky To hang the  upon tonight I am a  divided Do I stay or run away And  it all behind?  It's  like  you  to live again It's  like  you give and give again It's  like  you  to love again It's  like  time and time again
These are my  last words My number's up  will burn Oh won't you let me  your fate It's  kinda late  And I don't  wait no more Oh may I have this  of days Locked in your embrace You  your test of faith  Another time,  place,  line upon your face Another in your wake Down  stairs and  glances  the king of  chances Now  him in the flames  Whatever  you warm at  (whatever  you warm at night) Whatever  you warm inside Your  are  now They're all  down It's all  'round  You're  them down It's all  'round They're all  down Your  are  now  Oh let me put you in your place Love it when you say, I'm  everything away, but Tell me what's in it for me  Tell me now what's in it for me No one's  this for free So tell me now what's in it for me Whatever  you warm at  (whatever  you warm at night)  Whatever  you warm inside Your  are  now They're all  down It's all  'round  You're  them down It's all  'round They're all  down Your  are  now  Gathering the ashes Everything  away Gathering the ashes Scatter as they blow away  Gathering the ashes Everything  away Gathering the ashes Scatter as they blow away  Your  are  now They're all  down It's all  'round  You're  them down It's all  'round They're all  down  Your  are  now (Gather in the ashes) They're all  down (Everything  away) It's all  'round (Scatter as they blow away)  You're  them down (Gather in the ashes) It's all  'round (Everything  away) They're all  down (Gather in the ashes) Your  are  now (Scatter as they blow away)
This  got me  up the wall Been  gravity and  on the fall How did this come over me, I  I was  it all Our  gone up in smoke,  your crown  Choke, on a kiss, I  I'd save my  for you Choke, on a kiss, I  I'd save my  for you  Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  on you Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  for you now Give me some rope I'm coming, out of my head, into the  when you, go, I, go, noose  These  got me  up a storm Leave your condition, this  does no harm  Choke, on a kiss, I  I'd save my  for you Choke, on a kiss, I  I'd save my  for you  Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  on you Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  for you now Give me some rope I'm coming, out of my head, into the  when you, go, I, go, noose  Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  on you Give me some rope I'm  loose, I'm  for you now Give me some hope I'm  through, I'm  out, yeah Give me some rope, I'm  out of my head, into the  when you go,  I go, go  Loose
You got away, got away, got away from me Now get away, get away, get away from me  I couldn't grow just  in the shadow Where do you go when no one's  you? You ran away, ran away it was  on cue  Shall I go on, and on, and on, And on, and on, and on again?  Rosemary you're part of me You know you are, you are, you are Rosemary you're part of me You know you are, you are, you are Rosemary  pardon me  Truth ain't  change the way you lie Youth ain't  change the way you die  Dear Rosemary Dear Rosemary  You've got a way, got a way, got a way with things You got away, got away, got away with things  False starts,  hearts get shattered Pick up the  coming down  you You ran away, ran away, it was  on cue  Can I go on, and on, and on, And on, and on, and on again?  Rosemary you're part of me You know you are, you are, you are Rosemary you're part of me You know you are, you are, you are Rosemary  pardon me  Truth ain't  change the way you lie Youth ain't  change the way you die  This was no  life (This was no  life) This was no  life (This was no  life)  I'm here from now on But once I'm gone I'm gone  Truth ain't  change the way you lie Youth ain't  change the way you die  Dear  (dear Rosemary) You're a part of me (you're part of me) Dear  (dear Rosemary) Please  me (please  me) Dear Rosemary  You got away, got away, got away from me Now get away, get away, get away from me
I'll take you out of the wishin' well I thinkin' I have a plan Go with your bad self Why did you  yourself? You  you're losing China's not accusing You  gonna take a hit on the head Now if you don't care Take a ride somewhere  Hey you got something You  try and buy our soul Hey you got something It goes  and  again Go, go, you should've  waste your lung Go, go, and the ride was shared Go limo, go limo  I got you  in the  trail You've  to lovin' this shit Way out on a back shelf Yeah you don't know what you've done Look what you're doin' Now mama says it's ruined You've got a  in the palm of your hand So it's a bad smell Your eyes  win  Hey you got something You  try and buy our soul Hey you got something It goes  and  and  again Go, go, you're  having to  your lung Go, go, and the ride was shared Go, go,  happened to Day-Glo Jones? Go, go, and the ride was shared Go limo, go limo
Ain't that the way it  starts A  round of conversation Became a  equation I  you  to station  Hey, don't go and turn the  way Don't say there's  more to say Come on, hear me out, hush, hush,  down Button up don't make a sound  Shame, shame, go away Come  some  day You used to say I couldn't save you enough So I've been savin' it up, I  savin' it up  And when you said I couldn't give you enough, I  givin' you up, I  givin' you up You are not me, Arlandria, Arlandria, You and what army, Arlandria, Arlandria Oh God you  make it stop  Chase all of  memories away Save them all for  day Don't you  it was rain that  you  Wait, I  see if you can change I  keep all I can take I feel much  now Use me up, spit me out, let me be your hand-me-down Fame, fame, go away, come  some  day  You used to say I couldn't save you enough So I've been savin' it up, I  savin' it up And when you said I couldn't give you enough I  givin' you up, I  givin' you up You are not me, Arlandria, Arlandria You and what army, Arlandria, Arlandria Oh God you  make it stop  My  Virginia I'm the same as I was in your arms My  Virginia I'm the same as I was in your arms  Shame,  go away, come  some  day Memories keep  me, help me  them all away Hush, now,  down,  up, don't make a sound Close your eyes, turn around, help me burn this to the ground Come now, take the blame, that's  I'll play the game I don't care it's all the same,  it all go up in flames Use me up, spit me out, let me be your hand-me-down Fame, fame, go away, come  some  day  You used to say I couldn't save you enough So I've been savin' it up, I  savin' it up And when you said I couldn't give you enough I  givin' you up, I  givin' you up You are not me, Arlandria, Arlandria You and what army, Arlandria, Arlandria Oh God you  make it stop  My  Virginia Oh God you  make it stop My  Virginia Oh God you  make it stop
One of  days, the  will drop out from  your feet One of  days, your  will stop and play it's  beat  One of  days, the  will stop and time won't mean a thing One of  days,  bombs will drop and  everything  But it's alright, yeah it's alright, said it's alright Easy for you to say Your  has  been broken Your  has  been stolen Not yet, not yet, one of  days I bet your  'll be broken I bet your  'll be stolen I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet One of  days, one of  days  One of  days, your eyes will  and pain will disappear One of  days, you will  to hope and  to fear  But it's alright, yeah it's alright, said it's alright Easy for you to say Your  has  been broken Your  has  been stolen Not yet, not yet, one of  days I bet your  'll be broken I bet your  'll be stolen I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet One of  days, one of  days  But it's alright, yeah it's alright, said it's alright Yeah it's alright Don't say it's alright, don't say it's alright Don't say it's alright One of  days your  will stop and play it's  beat  But it's alright, easy for you to say Your  has  been broken Your  has  been stolen Not yet, not yet, one of  days I bet your  will be broken I bet your  will be stolen I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet, I'll bet One of  days One of  days One of  days
Once upon a time I was  else In  life I saw myself Way back then, back when I was new  Somewhere down the line I  to slip Years gone by,  my lip All the while, all this time I knew  Now you're on your own, one for the pages Over the hill and  the ages Does my  burn like hell on you?  Out  the  they're  in waves Rolling like an  under the pavement Where are they now, tell me Mr. True You got a lot of nerve,  nerve  Now show a  backbone why don't you? I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Now and now and then I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Down and out  Holding my breath, I  and waited How'd this  life get so complicated? Shoes to fill,  to  down you Deer in the headlight,  in the wheel You all pretend, I need for real Taking it back, all my IOUs You got a lot of nerve, nerve  Now show a  backbone why don't you? I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Now and now and then I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Down and out  You got a lot of nerve, nerve, nerve, nerve  Now show a  backbone why don't you? I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Now and now and then I'm  for some back and  with you Are you  the same as I do? Now and now and then  I'm lookin' for some back and  with you Are you feelin' the same as I do down and out
Let's  the  to  else You know  I've been  to change Normally I reel in the strange Hangover, I'm older  You're one to talk, the  is a clock Just like a bomb it  on  away Counting down to detonate You will need an army to  me  It doesn't  much to me If it doesn't  much to you, ooh, ooh It doesn't  much to me If it doesn't  much to you  It's just a  of time before, before It's just a  of time before, before And  I hate to  before, before It's just a  of time  My past is  us  fast I was  one for  things slow Nowhere  like  to go Come over, and over  Doing my time for line  line When will I  to sing  crimes to myself? Prisoners to  a cell with I'm holding,  holding Holding you in  It doesn't  much to me If it doesn't  much to you, ooh, ooh It doesn't  much to me If it doesn't  much to you  It's just a  of time before, before It's just a  of time before, before And  I hate to  before, before It's just a  of time  Where the hell are you? Ooh, ooh Where the hell are you? Ooh, ooh Where the hell are you?  It's just a  of time before, before It's just a  of time before, before And  I hate to  before, before It's just a  of time  What does it  now? What does it  now? What does it  now? What does it  now? It's just a  of time Time
I  have  that it  end this way I  have  there was no  way Didn't hear your warning Damn my  gone deaf  I  have known, look at the  you're in I  have known, but I dove  in One  is for certain As I'm  here I  have known  Lay your  in mine Heal me one last time Though I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  my  in debt  I  have known, I was  of you I  have known,  was that side of you Came  a warning Caught me unaware I  have known, I've been here before I  have known, don't want it anymore One  is for certain I'm  standing here I  have known  Lay your  in mine Heal me one last time Though I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  my  in debt No, I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  my  in debt I  have known  Maybe you was right Didn't want a fight I  have known Couldn't read the signs Couldn't see the light I  have known  Though I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  my  in debt No, I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  my  in debt No, I  forgive you yet No, I  forgive you yet You  us all in debt I  have known
Oh  she's my  girl Wears them  on her sleeve Dances like a  shines Tell me lies I love to believe Her age is  twenty two Her  eyes, a  hue Spends my  like  falls Loves me like I want her to Loves me like I want her to  Oh, Loretta, won't you say to me Darling,  your  on Have a  shot of booze Sing a blue a and  song Guitar  a melody Guitar sings, Loretta's fine Long and lazy,  and free I can have her any time I can have her any time  Sweetest at the  of day Prettiest in the  sun She don't cry when I can't stay 'Least not 'til she's all alone Loretta, I won't be gone long Keep your  slippers on Keep me on your mind a while I'm  home I'm  home  Oh  she's my  girl Wears them  on her sleeve Dances like a  shines Tell me lies I love to believe Her age is  twenty two Her  eyes, a  hue Spends my  like  falls Loves me like I want her to Loves me like I want her to Loves me like I want her to
Dearest constellation,  surroundin' you Stay there, soft and blue. Virginia Moon, I'll wait for you tonight Sweetest invitation,  the day in two Feelin' like I do,  moon, I'll wait for you tonight  And now our  become  in your light In the  wind we're  and  rescues you, I will say goodnight  Secret fascination,  a  tune Hear me callin' you,  moon, I'll wait for you tonight  And now our  become  in your light In the  when we're  and  rescues you, I will say goodnight  Virginia Moon, I'll wait for you tonight  And now our  become  in your light In the  when we're  and  rescues you, I will say goodnight  I will say goodnight I will say goodnight
Man watchin' video The  keeps on tickin' He doesn't know why He's just  for slaughter  The requiem  When the  words When they  to function When there's  to say When will they  plotting  you  Only a hint of religion I'm  spirits of depravity The  of  glass This is the reflection
Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend Keep you in the dark And so it all began  Send in your skeletons Sing as  bones go  in, again The need you  deep The  that you keep are ever ready Are you ready? I'm  making sense Done  ignorance That  defense  Spinning infinity, boy The  is  me It's never-ending, never-ending Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  In time our soul untold I'm just  soul for sale, oh well The page is out of print We are not permanent We're temporary, temporary Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  I'm the  inside your head You  to hear I'm the face that you have to face Mirrored in your stare I'm what's left, I'm what's right I'm the enemy I'm the hand that will take you down Bring you to your knees  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?  Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?
All my life I've been  for something Something  comes  leads to nothing Nothing  but I'm  close Closer to the  at the end of the rope All  long I  of the day  When it  around and it's  away Leaves me with the  that I feel the most Feel it come to life when I see your ghost  Calm down don't you resist You've such a  wrist And if I give it a twist Something to hold when I lose my grip Will I find  in there To give me just what I need Another  to bleed One by one  up my  (one by one  up my sleeve)  Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down  Will I find a believer Another one who believes Another one to deceive Over and over down on my knees If I get any   And if you open up wide And if you let me inside On and on I've got  to hide (on and on I've got  to hide)  Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down  All my life I've been  for something Something  comes  leads to nothing Nothing  but I'm  close Closer to the  at the end of the rope  All  long I  of the day When it  around and it's  away Leaves me with the  that I feel the most Feel it come to life when I see your ghost  Then I'm done done on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done done and I'm on to the next one Done I'm done and on to the next   Done done on to the next one Done I'm done and on to the next one Done done on to the next one Done I'm done and on to the next   Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down Don't let it go to waste, I love it but I hate the taste Weight keepin' me down  Done done on to the next one And I'm done and on to the next
Here now don't make a sound Say have you  the news today? One flag was  down To  another in its place A  cross you bear A  heart  unchanged No home, no life, no love No  singing in your name  Maybe the season The  change in the  skies Dear God I've  my fate Running  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight  Let's say we take this town No king or  of any state Get up to shut it down Open the  and  the gates I know one wall to scale I know a  without a name Head on  a care Before it's way too late  Maybe the season The  change in the  skies Oh, God I've  my fate Running  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead ends  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight  For  piece to fall in place Forever gone  a trace Your  takes its shape No  back, don't turn that page  Come now, I'm  here tonight Come now, let's  it all behind Is that the  you pay? Running  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead ends  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead ends  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight
Lately I've been measuring Seems my time is  thin Wind me up and  me spin Watch me spin Watch me spin  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  I'm just skin and bones  All worn out and  fits Brennivin and cigarettes The more I give the less I get But I'm all set I'm all set  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones  Deep  this  of mine Heart of  a valentine Tell my mom I'm  fine Doing fine Doing fine  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  Skin and bones Skin and bones Skin and bones Don't you know?  I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just skin and bones I'm just
One, two, three, four I know what you're thinkin' We were goin' down I can feel the sinkin' But then I came around  And  I've  before Flashed  my eyes And nothin'  anymore I  into the sky  Well we all want  better than We wish for  new Well we all want  beautiful I wish for  true Been lookin' for a  and Something to lose  When the  come down (when the  come down) When the  touch  (when the  touch ground) And you feel like it's all over There's  round for you When the  come down (when the  come down)  Now your head is spinnin' Broken  will mend This is our beginning Comin' to an end  Well, you  something  man You  for  new Well, you  something beautiful Wished for  true Been lookin' for a  and Something to lose  When the  come down (When the  come down) When the  touch  (When the  touch ground) And you feel like it's all over There's  round for you When the  come down (When the  come down)  When the  come down (When the  come down) When the  touch  (When the  touch ground) And you feel like it's all over There's  round for you When the  come down (When the  come down)  When the  come down (When the  come down) When the  touch  (When the  touch ground) And you feel like it's all over There's  round for you When the  come down (When the  come down)
Goodbye Jimmy,  youth I must be on my way I have had  of you I was a  man  and true Just a  boy with  else to lose Years that I've  these I owe you's They're just  words This is life or death It's time to  the air you  save your breath Say have you heard Say have you heard The  in my  voices in my head Years that I've  these I owe you's I  every word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward But it's only words I  every word They're just  words Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward  Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward Word for word for word forward
Run and tell all of the angels This  take all night Think I need a  to help me get  right Hook me up a new revolution  'Cause this one is a lie We sat  laughing and  the last one die I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life  Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of lying Make my way back home when I  to fly  I  I'm done  the patience I can wait one night I'd give it all away if you give me one last try We'll live  ever  if you just save my life  Run and tell the  that  is alright I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life Looking for  to help me burn out bright  I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to fly Make my way back home when I  to  Fly  with me, I can't  make it alone Try and make this life my own Fly  with me, I can't  make it alone Try and make this life my own  I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication  Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to I'm  to the sky to save me Looking for a sign of life  Looking for  to help me burn out bright I'm  for a complication Looking  I'm  of trying Make my way back home when I  to fly  Make my way back home when I  to fly Make my way back home when I  to,  to,  to
Here now, don't make a sound Say, have you  the news today? One flag was  down To  another in its place  A  cross you bear A  heart  unchanged No harm, no life, no love No  singin' in your name  But  the season The  change in the  skies Dear God, I've  my fate Runnin'  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight  Let's say we take this town No king or  of any state Get up to shut it down Open the  and  the gates  I know a wall to scale I know a  without a name Head on  a care Before it's way too late  Maybe the season The  change in the  skies Oh God, I've  my fate Runnin'  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight  For  piece to fall in place Forever gone  a trace Your  takes its shape No turnin' back, don't turn that page  Come now, I'm leavin' here tonight Come now, let's  it all behind Is that the  you pay Runnin'  hell,  can wait  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead ends  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead ends  Long road to ruin  in your eyes Under the cold streetlights No tomorrow, no dead end in sight
Oh you know I did it It's over and I feel fine Nothing you  say is  change my mind Waiting and I wait at the  night Nothing like the  to  decline  I was down, I fell, I fell so fast Dropping like the  in an hourglass Never say  'cause  last Dancing with the  of my  past  Nevermind there's  I can do Bet your life there's  killing you  It's a  we have to die my dear No ones  out of here, alive This time  What a way to go, but have no fear No ones  out of here, alive This time  Finished, I'm  you off my chest Made you come  in a  dress A  is a  you kept in check Hard to  a  that  this fast  Take a good hard look for the very last time The very last one in a very long line Only took a  to say goodbye Been a pleasure, but the pleasure's been mine all mine  Nevermind there's  I can do Bet your life there's  killing you  It's a  we have to die my dear No ones  out of here, alive This time  What a way to go, but have no fear No ones  out of here, alive This time  Ain't no way, DOA Ain't no way, DOA  Take a good hard look for the very last time The very last one in a very long line Only took a  to say goodbye Been a pleasure, but the pleasure's been mine all mine  Nevermind there's  I can do Bet your life there's  killing you  It's a  we have to die my dear No ones  out of here, alive This time  What a way to go, but have no fear No ones  out of here, alive This time  It's a  we have to disappear No ones  out of here, alive  This time This time This time
Something that I felt today,  that I had Swingin' from the chandeliers,  on your word I  watchin' you once upon a time Dancing from  the room in  life  A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how  Lookin' back to find my way,  seemed so hard Yesterday's  rest,  of the gods I  never  a  even if I could All the  we used to sing,  was good  A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how  One more year that you're not here It's gone and  you by Happened to you,  to you One more tear that you won't hear That's gone and  you by Happened to you,  to you  A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how A  bit of  is what I need now Pin me down, show me how  A  bit of resolve One more year that you're not here It's gone and  you by (a  bit of resolve) A  bit of resolve One more year that you're not here It's gone and  you by (a  bit of resolve)
Lately, I've been Livin' in my head The rest of me is dead  I'm  for truth  Make me, believe No more left and right Come on take my side I'm fightin' for you I'm fightin' for you  Pleased to meet you take my hand There is no way back from here Pleased to meet you say your prayers There is no way back from here But I don't care No way back from here  Wake me, I'm ready Somethin' don't seem right I was dreamin' and I was talkin' to you  Memory, mend me Know I've seen my share Things I can't repair I'm breakin' to you I'm breakin' to you  Pleased to meet you take my hand There is no way back from here Pleased to meet you say your prayers There is no way back from here But I don't care No way back from, here  Pleased to meet you take my hand There is no way back from here Pleased to meet you say your prayers There is no way back from here But I don't care No way back from, here, yeah
It was  to be But all  it  meant a thing Never  to ask you why You didn't pass me by  Did you see me in your life? Flash  your eyes Was it just that I wasn't hard enough Hard  for you  Stop  my Confusion Wait, wait  There's a  out there (There's a  out there) Don't you deny me (Don't you deny me)  Give me one last wish (Give me one last wish) There's a  out there  Elementary, I  them all All your mysteries Settle down and in good time We can  all mine  Tell me lies or tell me when Tear me up again And I will let you know when I've had enough Had  of you  Stop  my Confusion Wait, wait  There's a  out there (There's a  out there) Don't you deny me (Don't you deny me)  Give me one last wish (There's a  out there) There's a  out there (Don't you deny me)  I know you've got your reasons Hey, let's call it even Turn out all the lights And go to bed  Still I get this feeling No one will  me When I let  ghosts Outside my head  There's a  out there (There's a  out there) Don't you deny me (Don't you deny me)  Give me one last wish (Give me one last wish) Don't you deny me (Don't you deny me)  There's a  out there (There's a  out there) Don't you deny me (Don't you deny me)  Give me one last wish (There's a  out there) There's a  out there (Don't you deny me)
It was  to be But all  it  meant a thing Never  to ask you why You didn't pass me by Did you see me in your life Flash  your eyes Was it just that I wasn't hard enough Hard  for you  Stop  my Confusion Wait, wait There's a  out there Don't you deny me Give me one last wish There's a  out there  Elementary I  them all All your mysteries Settle down and in good time We can  all mine Tell me lies or tell me when Tear me up again And I will let you know When I've had enough Had  of you  Stop  my Confusion Wait, wait There's a  out there Don't you deny me Give me one last wish There's a  out there  I know you've got your reasons Hey let's call it even Turn out all the  and go to bed Still I get this feeling No one will  me When I let  ghosts  my head  There's a  out there Don't you deny me Give me one last wish Don't you deny me  There's a  out there Don't you deny me Give me one last wish There's a  out there
He's  in case I  off He's  because I warned He's  in case I want it all He's  'cause I want  All in all the  is slow Six  pictures all in a row Of a marigold
Took the high dive into your brain And you made your  calls You just  wear your  out If you don’t let it go  There’s  that you couldn’t say 'Cause you’ve said it all before I  it’s time you  this  road All on your own  It’s your cold day in the sun Looks like your  heart has  won  I wish I  take it away And save you from yourself You get so lost  your head  like no one else  Looking for  to blame? Did you  me all along? You’ll take the heat But you  never take the fall  It’s your cold day in the sun Looks like your  heart has  won  You’re so  that you are the only one that you are the only one You know Don’t be  because you’re not the only one You’re not the only one I know  It’s your cold day in the sun Looks like your  heart has  won It’s your cold day in the sun Looks like your  heart has  won
Every  my dream?s the same Same old city with a  name They?re not  to take me away! I don?t know why, but I know I can?t stay Yeah  There?s a  that?s  down Late at  you can hear the sound Even the  you make when you sleep Can?t swim  a  so deep They know my name 'cause I told it to them But they don?t know  and they don?t know when  It?s coming When it?s coming  There?s a  that?s  me down Late at  you can hear the sound Even the  you make when you sleep Can?t swim  a  so deep They know my name 'cause I told it to them But they don?t know  and they don?t know when  It?s coming Or when But it?s coming, keep the car running  There?s this fear I keep so deep Knew it's name  before I can speak, yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh  They know my name I know them Can?t swim  a  so deep They know my name but I don't understand But they don?t know where, they don?t know when  It?s coming Or when Keeps me coming, keep the car running  Keep the car running  Keep the car running 
Wake up it's time We need to find a  place to hide Make up your mind I need to know I need to know tonight  Sweet and divine Razor of mine Sweet and divine Razor  shine  Patience my dear We  spend a  waiting here Maybe this time I hope I get the  to say goodbye  Sweet and divine Razor of mine Sweet and divine Razor of mine  Day  day Cutting away Day  day But anyway  Wake up it's time We need to find a  place to hide Make up your mind I need to know I need to know tonight  Sweet and divine Razor  shine
A  of gold But it lost it's pride Beautiful veins And  eyes I see your face In  light  Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let it die In too deep And out of time Why'd you have to go And let it die  A  man And his  bride (Why'd you have to go) (And let it die) Intravenous Intertwined (Why'd you have to go) (And let it die) Hearts gone cold Your  were tied (Why'd you have to go) (And let it die)  Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let it die In too deep And out of time Why'd you have to go And let it die  Do you ever  of me You're so considerate Did you ever  of me Oh so considerate  In too deep And lost in time Why'd you have to go And let it die Beautiful veins And  eyes Why'd you have to go And let it die Hearts gone cold And  are tied Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let it die  Do you ever  of me You're so considerate Did you ever  of me Oh so considerate  In too deep And lost in time Why'd you have to go And let it die Beautiful veins And  eyes Why'd you have to go And let it die Hearts gone cold And  are tied Why'd you have to go And let it die Why'd you have to go And let this die Why'd you have to go And let this die Why'd you have to go And let this die Why'd you have to go And let this die Why'd you have to go And let it die
Attention Pay attention No mention A  array A mission An admission Ignition Detonate  Oh no don't talk  it No  don't talk  it Oh no don't talk  it Not one more word  it Oh no don't  about it No  don't  about it Oh  don't  about it It goes away  We made  promises You made  promises Erase Replace Erase Replace We'll make more promises We'll wait for promises Erase Replace Erase Replace  A vision Division Revision Recognate An action A reaction Distraction Question the fate  Oh no don't talk  it No  don't talk  it Oh no don't talk  it It goes away  We made  promises You made  promises Erase Replace Erase Replace We'll make more promises We'll wait for promises Erase Replace Erase Replace  Oh, are we  off now? It's the only  left said Meant for you Oh, are we  off now? It's the only  left said Meant for you  We made  promises You made  promises Erase Replace Erase Replace We'll make more promises We'll wait for promises Erase Replace Erase Replace  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Erase Replace Erase Replace
Seems like only yesterday Life  to runaways Nothing here to see No  back Every  monotone Every  monochrome Light  to fade Into the black  Such a  animal Sterilized with alcohol I  hardly Feel me anymore  Desperate and meaningless All  up with emptiness Felt like everything Was said and done  I lay  in the dark And I  my eyes You  me the day You came alive  Still I  to find my way Spinning now was end of days Burning like a flame Behind my eyes  Drown it out Drink it in Crown the king of suffering Prisoner,  to the disguise  Disappear the only thing Bittersweet surrendering Knew that it was time To say goodbye  I lay  in the dark And I  my eyes You  me the day You came alive No  left Me to survive You  me The day you came alive  Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive  Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive  I lay  in the dark And I  my eyes You  me the day You came alive  Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive  Nothing  to give I can  live Come alive Your life into me I can  breathe Come alive  Lay me down in the dark Open my eyes You  me The day you came alive  Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive Come alive
Goddamn this  room This hazy afternoon I'm  in this silence Like  before  This  that I get This one last cigarette As I lay awake And wait for you to come  the door  Oh  maybe maybe I can  it with you I  I  I behave So I can  it with you  You were not alone Dear loneliness You forgot But I  this Oh  stranger Stranger  have happened, I know  I am not alone Dear loneliness I forgot That I  this Oh  stranger Stranger  have happened, I know Oh, oh Oh, oh  We'll  about somewhere Our  will fill the air As I lay  and wait For you to walk out that door I can  I can  I can change But who do you want me to be I'm the same I'm the same I'm the same Oh do you want me to be  You were not alone Dear loneliness You forgot But I  this Oh  stranger Stranger  have happened, I know Oh, oh Oh, oh  I'm not alone Dear loneliness I forgot That I  this You were not alone Dear loneliness You forgot But I  this Oh  stranger Stranger  have happened, I know  I'm not alone Dear loneliness I forgot That I  this Oh  stranger Stranger  have happened, I know Oh, oh Oh, oh
Early  without warning Woke me with a scare I had that  again That the sun was dead Make me warm or take me home It's so cold in here Can't we meet somewhere Is it  there? Is it  there? This winter  Meet me in the  time We can move the air Sweet  countryside I will meet you there Bloody lips and  wine Moonshine in your hair Just keep  at the sun Pray for summer's end  Come on over  my storm Ocean's overhead Come  my friend Getting bad out there Every  we have stolen All we had to share No one  this But you know I did You know I did This moment  Meet me in the  time We can move the air Sweet  countryside I will meet you there Bloody lips and  wine Moonshine in your hair Just keep  at the sun Pray for summer's end  Meet me in the  time We can move the air Sweet  countryside I will meet you there Bloody lips and  wine Moonshine in your hair Just keep  at the sun Pray for summer's end

You and I were two old and  souls Repaired by a love of  things In a life, just some  growing old No fear of the end, of anything  We're just  people, you and me Time will turn us into statues, eventually  We got by,  we  needed much A  of hope, no  rings We got high, it was  it was hell Flying over them, with  wings  [Chorus] We're just  people, you and me Time will turn us into statues, eventually Oh, just two  people, you and me Time will turn us into statues, eventually  Our  forever in stone Monuments of life To dust, as  must We fade away in time, oh  [Chorus]  Just two  people you and me Time will turn us into  eventually
Where you off to with that head of yours Is  somewhere you  be Was it  that I said the time I held you down And told you it's not you, it's only me, baby  Don't take what I don't need (Give me back my  of mind) Don't say what I don't mean (Give me back my  time) No way you'll  me You'll see  What you up to now your mirror's gone Is  someone you  be Did you  I was just  'round with you But honestly But honestly But honestly  Don't take what I don't need (Give me back my  of mind) Don't say what I don't mean (Give me back my  time) No way you'll  me No  to hide from me You'll see  And  I  the stars As I  my  scars For  you've  me And all the  I gave to you Something  something blue If you want them back I'll give it to you Give it to you Give it to you Give it to you Give it to you Give it to you Give it to you I'll give it to you I'll give it to you Give it to you Give it to you I'll give it to you I'll give it to you Give it to you Give it to you I'll give it to you  I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you I don't want one  that I gave to you
Wish I were with you, but I couldn't stay Every  leads me away Pray for tomorrow, but for today All I want, is to be home  Stand in the mirror, you look the same Just  for shelter, from the cold and the pain Someone to cover, safe from the rain And all I want, is to be home  The  and silence,  and grace And all of  moments I'll  replace Fear of my  absence of faith All I want, is to be home  All I want, is to be home  People I've loved, have no regrets Some  remember, some  forget Some of them livin', some of them dead All I want, is to be home
Oh  come  me in, No  place for me to begin. I'm  in from out of this rain, The time has come to wash you away.  The  are  again The  are  again Oh  round sing  sins, amen My time has come once and for all, My time has come, this  war.  Oh  to me your  and blue, No  if it  to you. A  like  before, Ive had  now i need more.  The  are  again The  are  again Oh  round sing  sins, amen. My time has come once and for all My time has come, this  war. My time has come once and for all My time has come this  war.  Hey.  me debility, I'll sing you all my sins.  My time has come once and for all, My time has come, this  war. My time has come once and for all, My time has come, this  war.  My time has come, this  war My time has come, this  war My time has come, this  war My time has come, this  war  The  are  again The  are  again The  are  again The  are  again
Seda can you hear me Do you know my face Perfect like a circle Gone  a trace  So long I have  you Marks upon your skin I can  everything Can you  this  Seda doesn't care She just sits and stares All the  bare for the  to see  Who will  before you If you don't say my name Safe to say we will  know We are both the same  I don't mind I can  find you Waiting  for me  Seda doesn't care She just sits and stares All her  bare for the  to see  Seda doesn't care She just sits and stares Seda doesn't care She's just dyin' there Seda doesn't care She's just lyin' there All the  bare for you and me
If ever you  you're not the one I'll  you If ever you  you're 'bout to run I will  you  Come on to me Just let it go If ever you  you're not the one I'll  you  Come on my love Come on my love  If ever you  I'm not the one I'll  you With  under the sun Stars  you  Come on to me Just let it go If ever you  I'm not the one I'll  you  Come on my love Come on my love Come on my love Come on my love  Come on my love Come on my love Come on my love Come on my love  If ever you  you're not the one I'll  you If ever you  you're not the one  
Restless  one Comfortable and warm Let me fall apart Crippled in your arms  Chase me  the dark Ready on your mark First to  the stars Wins a  heart One that  apart Shattered from the start  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Cages and alarms Keeping us from harm I will be the guard Hope to rest upon  Could I be the one To  a will so strong Pray it won't be long Til your will is gone Everything is done Nothing left at all  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Are you there? Will you give in? Are you there? If I give out Over and out  Cages and alarms Keeping us from harm I will be the guard Hope to rest upon Everything is done Nothing left at all  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Are you there? Will you give in? Are you there? If I give out
Tonight I'm  in my  of clouds Dreaming aloud  Things just won't do  you,  of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back I'm on your back Oh oh ooh I'm on your back  If you'd  surrender, I'll give up some more Weren't you adored  I  be  you,  of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back  If you walk out on me I'm  after you If you walk out on me I'm  after you  Another  is  in two I'm on your back  I  be  you,  of fact Oh oh ooh I'm on your back I'm on your back Oh oh ooh I'm on your back  If you walk out on me I'm  after you If you walk out on me I'm  after you If you walk out on me I'm  after you
I'm in the sky tonight There I can keep by your side Watching the wide  riot And  out I'll be  home next year  Into the sun we climb Climbing our  will burn white Everyone  in tight We'll ride it out I'll be  home next year  Come on, get on, get on Take it till life runs out No-one can find us now Living with our  underground  Into the  we shine Lighting the way we  by Catch me if I get too high When I come down I'll be  home next year  I'm in the sky tonight There I can keep by your side Watching the  world wind Around and round I'll be  home next year  Come on, get on, get on Take it till I fall down No one can find us now Living with our  underground  I'll be  home next year I'll be  home next year Everything's all  up here When I come down I'll be  home next year  Say goodbye Say goodbye Say goodbye Say goodbye  I'll be  home next year I'll be  home next year Everything's all  up here When I come down I'll be  home next year
When she goes  out I run for cover Rolling like  clouds Hanging  her  Ring in the  hour Spells that I'm singing Rain come and  me out Sinking deep alone  Can you go  round? I will  you down and out Let's go  round I will  you down and  We  just lay around Stare at the ceiling Want to  about One for the feeling  Room full of photographs Box full of letters Come on make it last Nothing else  right now  Can you go  round? I will  you down and out Let's go  round I will  you down and out  Can you go  round? I will  you down and out Let's go  round I will  you down and out  Let's go  round I will  you down and out Let's go  round I will  you down and out
Hangin' on here  I'm gone Right  I  just hangin' on Even though,  you come and go How was I to know you'd  the show? One day I'll have  to gamble I'll wait to hear your  call bet it all Hangin' on here  I'm gone Right  I belong, just hangin' on Even though, pass this time alone Somewhere so unknown, it  the soul You ask for walls, I'll  them higher We'll lie in  of them all I'd stand, but they're much to tall And I fall February  re  in the dark Temporary scars February stars February  floating in the dark Temporary scars February stars February  floating in the dark Temporary scars February stars
He  a  room With a lock to keep him In its just a  room And he's there He  an old guitar With a coin  by the phone It was his  guitar That he played Hm mm mm  He's  been in love But he  just what love is He says  mind And no one speaks  He  he  too much Cause when he  his two best friends I  I  too much  No one speaks No one speaks No one speaks Hm hm mm mm mm hm hm mm  He  an old guitar With a coin  by the phone It was his  guitar  That he played When he plays No one speaks No one speaks And he plays No one speaks
These  are  return to sender I'll save this  for myself I wish you only knew how good it is to see you See you, see you, ooh, ooh  These  I take don't get me anywhere I'm gettin'  from myself One  is  true, how good it is to see you See you, see you, ooh, ooh I'm done  you, you  me so well And this I  you  How  I end up in this  of  else? These  are  return to sender I'll save this  for myself I wish you only knew how good it is to see you See you, see you, ooh, ooh  These  I take don't get me anywhere I'm gettin'  from myself One  is  true, how good it is to see you See you, see you, ooh, ooh
Dear Haley Can you save me from The  cloud I'm on All you've  do is try Pray you're just  by  Hey wait I  you made it How'd your  crown fall off Tell me how'd you get so tired Fade it down to the wire  Try  a lie and  out The same old guise Wasting time  So very ordinary Wait  my bomb goes off See the  run and hide Fake it all in stride  One day we all can say  we're gone And  the  we're from Everything's so open wide Hear  the divide  Try  a lie and  out The same old guise Wasting time  Ain't it the life Ain't it the life Ain't it the life Got no crime Just sail on by Sail on by Ain't it the life  Try  a lie and  out The same old guise Wasting time
One more day that I've survived Another  alone Pay no mind I'm  fine I'm  on my own  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Wake me when the hour arrives Wake me with my name See you  down the line We're  once again  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Was it you? Sat alone Here we go  Close and stay a while To take me  you go Single file we walk the mile Who's  back home  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  I'm here And I'm on the mend I'm here And I'm on the mend my friend  Was it you? Sat alone Here we go Here we go Here we go Here we go
If you'd like to walk a while We  waste the day Follow me into the trees I will lead the way  Bring some  up to the bridge Bring some alcohol There we'll make a  wish Just  the fall  Promise I will be  yours Promise not to say  word Never mind what's done is done Always was a  one  Watch the  all alone Sitting on the tracks Hear the  come  in Never  back  Laying  in the grass Everything is still River  and  bones Scattered on the hill  Promise I will be  yours Promise not to say  word Never mind what's done is done Always was a  one  Promise I will be  yours Promise not to say  word Here  deep  the dirt Never mind what's done is done Always was a  one
Back and  that  of  keeps me up at night Help me  to find the  that eat you up inside I go side to side like the  tides in your hurricane And I only hide what is on my mind  I can't explain  What if I do love What if I don't? I'd have to lose  just to find you What if I do love What if I don't I'd have to lose  just to find you  It's my turn, this soul won't burn so  me in the fire Trophies  and  learned, your  little lies We can pave new  with the cold gravestones, wind them  the pines Should I stay or  I go alone? I  decide  What if I do love What if I don't? I'd have to lose  just to find you What if I do love What if I don't I'd have to lose  just to find you  Carolina, Caroline Carolina, Caroline  What if I do love What if I don't? I'd have to lose  just to find you What if I do love What if I don't I'd have to lose  just to find you  Carolina, Caroline Carolina, Caroline Carolina, Caroline Carolina, Caroline
Ready aim fire  No one fuckin'  standing in the line You  feel it  between the eyes Time is runnin' out, time to do it right, now  My oh my,  thing's  be fine My oh my, fat  lie  Let  go, let me test your fate Make your head roll, make your legs shake Dance to the  of heartache  My oh my,  thing's  be fine My oh my, fat  lie, oh  Fat  lie, get on your  and ride  My oh my,  thing's  be fine My oh my, fat  lie, fat  lie 

I'm in love with a  film star I once saw in a bar Sitting in a  in  clothes Trying not to pose For the  and the girls It's a  world  I'm in love with a  film star I once saw in a movie Playing the part of a real troublemaker But I didn't care It  moved me, it  moved me  I'm in love with a  film star I once saw in a bar Sitting in a  in  clothes Trying not to pose For the  and the girls It's a  world  I'm in love with a  film star I once saw in a movie Playing the part of a real troublemaker But I didn't care It  moved me, it  moved me It  moved me, it  moved me  I'm in love (13x)  
When all is said and done And the air we  is not enough To keep  broken  floating Carry on into the sun, into the sun  On into the sun On into the sun  Looking down at you, sleeping From above, I love Looking down at you, weeping From above, I love  Over and over again I ride the  that turns Over and over again I find the soul that burns And if it has no end The  heart that learns Over and over again I ride the  that turns  When all is dead and gone And the air we  is not enough To keep  dying arms, see them Carry on into the sun, into the sun  I'm not the only one I'm not the only one  Heaven  are reeling And my hand that  the world Deep  I'm reaching Into the universe  Over and over again I ride the  that turns Over and over again I find the soul that burns And if it has no end The  heart that learns Over and over again I ride the  that turns  Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh  Over and over again I ride the  that turns Over and over again I find the soul that burns And if it has no end The  heart that learns Over and over again I ride the  that turns  Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh  Over and over again I ride the  that turns Over and over again I find the soul that burns
Can you hear me Hear me screamin' Breaking in the  skies This  heart Like  beating Echoing a  miles  Mine is  and  is mine There is no divide In your honor I  die tonight  Mine is  and  is mine I will sacrifice In your honor I  die tonight For you to feel alive  Can you feel me Feel me breathing One last  before I  my eyes This suffering For receiving Deliver me into the  side  For you to feel alive For you to feel alive For you to feel alive Ahh
This  I'm in A  I've  been I'm  to meet you here  Come  this skin I'll let you sink  in And show you everything See you in hell See you in hell  We'll  around the fire And I will lead the choir Sing farewell See you in hell  Come break, my spell Well down the  well We'll find some time to kill  I'll be,  there The buzz  your head The  electric chair See you in hell  We'll  round the fire And I don't need the choir Sing farewell See you in hell
This is the sound The here and the now You got to talk the talk, the talk, the talk To get it all out  I listen I listen I listen  But you're out of tune You're so out of tune  This is the last song (This is the last song) This is the last song That I will  to you  Something I've found Yea, That want to turn around You got to walk the walk, the walk, the walk To make any ground  You're pushing You're pushing You're pushing  But  ain't no room No  ain't no room  This is the last song (This is the last song) This is the last song (This is the last song) That I will  to you I made my peace And now I'm trough This is the last song That I will  to you  And  is a name I will  name again I will  name again  We  it doesn't matter We  it all away We  it all away  We pretend We pretend We pretend  But it ain't no use This is the last song (This is the last song) This is the last song (This is the last song) That I will  to you I made my peace And now I'm through  This is the last song That I will  to you To you To you To you
Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Free me  now You take me away, take it from me, yeah!  Beautiful prisoner, let it be dead Promises made it  to end Voices and  are  in my head I  sing for sorrow All of the  that we damn  speak All of our  and  do keep Gather them all we'll bury them deep I  sing for sorrow  Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Free me  now You take me away, take it from me, hey!  One for forever One in your name Once in your member We're one in the same One to  but it  remains I  sing for sorrow  Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Could you free what's keepin' you? Well I need  too  Free me! Free me! Free me! Free me! Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh  Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Free me  now You take me away, take it from me Could you free what's keepin' you? Well I need  too  Free me! Free me! Free me! Free me! Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah!
Shame on you Seducing everyone Faded you Your  in the rough  You don't have to tell me I know  you've been Shinning once again  Will you do The  you've  done Tell me true I  you know the one  One that  me blurry Colors  to run  Every time I wonder I go under  The  the blues The more I see black Sweeter the brew the  starts  back All the  blues are black
Burn all the  out Make a wish but not aloud Relive the here and now See you now and then I'm a revolvin' door I've seen it all before I will  again But I can't  until I've seen you end  I took a look around I  that in  eyes The treasure's all we've found May be more than needed Now that we're old and worn A  ripped and torn One day we'll be reborn One day I will meet you up again Once again Wait Stop me so I can begin  End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling  I'm feelin' out of luck Maybe I just feel too much That old  touch Always  my skin The good in everyone The ties we left undone The  that  your blood All the  bring me 'round again Once again Wait Stop me so I can begin  End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] Oh yeah Hey Once again Wait Stop me so I can begin  End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3] I'm circling End over end [Repeat x3]
I got superstition Ruling my decision You are my religion Haven't got a prayer  So just give me the sign and I'll  you When  angel's  you You are my religion Haven't got a prayer  I don't want to wait To save your life I  I know a way To make  right  Just give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  me  Give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  out for me  Walking  ladders Nothing  matters There  be disaster I don't  care  So just give me the sign and I'll  you When  angel's  you There  be disaster I don't  care  I don't want to wait To save your life I  I know a way To make  right  Just give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  me  Give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  out  For me For me  I don't want to wait To save your life I  I know a way To make  right  Just give me the sign Give me the sign Give me the sign Just give me the sign  Just give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  me  Give me the sign and I'll come for you Give me the sign and I'll be your rescue, baby I'll run your way when I hear you  out for me Give me the sign  Give me the sign Give me the sign Give me the sign
Crazy but I  this time Begging for  relief A  in disguise Dying  these  eyes I've been  sleep Please come to me tonight  Hands on a miracle I've got my  on a miracle Believe it or not,  on a miracle And  ain't no way That you'd it away  Everything that we survived It's  be alright Just  we're alive Got no  I've been blind Searching  where You're  here in my sight  Hands on a miracle I've got my  on a miracle Believe it or not,  on a miracle And  ain't no way Let you take it away  Hands on a miracle I've got my  on a miracle Believe it or not,  on a miracle I've got my  on a miracle And  ain't no way  Let you take it away Take it away
Now when I was just a  boy standin' to my Daddy's knee My  said, son, don't let the man get you, do what he done to me 'Cause he'll get you, 'cause he'll get you now, now  I can  the  of July Runnin'  the  bare And I can  hear my old  dog barkin' Chasin' down a  there Chasin' down a  there  Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou  Wish I was back on the  rollin' with some  Queen Wishin' I were a fast  train Oh, just a-chooglin' on down to New Orleans  Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou.  I can  the  of July Runnin'  the  bare And I can  hear my old  dog barkin' Chasin' down a  there Chasin' down a  there  Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou
He floats Floats away On the ground He  back down  She floats Floats away On the ground She  back down  They float Float away On the ground They come back down  We float Float away On the ground We come back down  That's not as big as What's  around here
Everyone  one mistake One more time for old  sake One more time  the  fades  One that's born of memories One more  you gave to me One more test just how much can I take  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Something  meant to be Everything you  to me Wake me when this  is done  Those who try and get away From the one who gets away Someone's  someone else's one  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit You're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Until the end of time In  life Until the day I die Save it up for one more try Save it for the last goodbye We go on and get off And get on and get off  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit You're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like Oh shit
You know in all of the time that we've shared I've  been so scared Doll me up in my bad luck I'll meet you there I wish I  had  this dare I wasn't  prepared Doll me up in my bad luck Uh huh, ah Doll me up in my bad luck I'll meet you there
You're my size I need to try you on  Someone in  the  and   Through  you kept your  apart Through  you  that same old   And when I've had    She  me  When I'm   She  herself  She  it all  In too deep  She's  over me  In too deep  She's  over me  Go on and have it all.   Running  this maze you hold me in Searching all  days to find the end  Your everything, your  I'm not But I'm anything, I'm  you want  And when I've had    She  me  When I'm   She  herself  She  it all  In too deep  She's  over me  In too deep  She's  over me Go on and have it all Have it all Have it all  Your  you're  I'm not  I'm  I'm  you want   She  me  When I'm   She  herself  She  it all  In too deep  She's  over me  In too deep   She's  over me  In too deep  She's  over me  In too deep  She's  over me   Have it all
Lately I'm  better Wish I  stay sick with you But there's too many egos left to bruise Call it sin You can call it whatever Eating deep  of you Well if it were me it's all I'd ever do  Steal me now and forever I'll  something good for you The  in me is no-one new  Till you find  better When there's  left to use And  starts  down on you  I'm the generator Firing  you quit Yeah,  it is You go out and it's on Yeah can't you hear my  heart You're the one that  it  Send me out on a tether Swing it round I'll spin your noose You let it down I'll hang  with you Till you find  better When there's no-one left to lose Everyone  going down  I'm the generator Firing  you quit Yeah,  it is You go out and it's on Yeah can't you hear my  heart You're the one that  it
I'm  a cow I'm not about To blow it now For all the cows  It's  how  allows all to browse And be endowed This wish is true it  into  new The cow is you  My kind has all run out, as if  could blend Some time if time allows,  worn in Like it's a friend  I said you're all a  doll and it caused The  to fall How far is he?  Impatiently That's as far as far can be
Hey you Are you in there I'm  outside you, ooh We  use One another Another like you, ooh  You be my passerby I'll be your one to pass through Screws inside Turn so tight Turning on you I'm  on you, ooh  Me and you Going nowhere I'm  beside you, ooh Me and you Going  I'm  beside you, ooh  You be my passerby I'll be your one to pass through Screws inside Turn so tight Turning on you I'm  on you  Taking you as low as you go As low as you go Taking you as low as you go As low as you go Ooh, ooh, ooh  You be my passerby I'll be your one to pass through Screws inside Turn so tight Turning on you I'm  on you  Taking you as low as you go (Low as you go) As low as you go (Low as you go) Taking you as low as you go (Low as you go) As low as you go (Low as you go) As low as you go Low as you go Ooh, ooh  Taking you as low as you go As low as you go Taking you as low as you go As low as you go Taking you as low as you go (Low as you go) As low as you go (Low as you go) Taking you as low as you go (Low as you go) As low as you go (Low as you go)
Come and I'll take you under This  bruises colors Everything  in time, it's true  Wish that I had another Stab at the  cover Was it a  in mind for you?  It's impossible I can't let it out You'll  know Am I  you out? Sit and watch Your  mood  Your eyes  remind me of Angels that  above Eyes that can  from  to blue  Now that I've  my reward Throw it away long before I'd  a  of mine with you
What have we done with innocence? It  with time, it  made much sense Adolescent resident Wasting  night on  my revenge  One in ten One in ten One in ten  Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this I'll  be your  wrench All this time to make amends What do you do when all your  are friends? Now and then I'll try to bend Under pressure, wind up  in the end  One in ten One in ten One in ten  Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this I'll  be your  wrench Temper One last  before I quit!   I  wanted any more than I  fit into my head! I  remember  single word you said, And all the shit that  came  with it! Still, there's one  that  me Since I was  caged and now I'm free Don't  be your  wrench One more  accident I'd  leave than  this  I'll  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench Don't  be your  wrench
I can be your liar I can be your  of bad news Sick and  by The  in your fire Burning like a  inside of you But is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired  Hanging on this wire Waiting for the day I have to choose Cursed by love so dire One more boy for hire One more boy to lend a hand to you But it is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired Of you Of you  I can be your liar I can be your  of bad news Sick and  by The  in your fire Burning like a  inside of you Is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired Of you
Everyone  one mistake One more time for old  sake One more time  the  fades  One that's born of memories One more  you gave to me One more test just how much can I take  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Something  meant to be Everything you  to me Wake me when this  is done  Those who try and get away From the one who gets away Someone's  someone else's one  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit You're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Until the end of time In  life Until the day I die Save it up for one more try Save it for the last goodbye We go on and get off And get on and get off  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit You're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like shit  Because you're not the one but you're the only one Who can make me feel like this You're not the one but you're the only one  Who can make me feel like Oh shit
I'm  hung in rent Read a  one shot no post-show Tear it off, but not a lot, it's not  to debate As if you  real and stagnate Big shit no shit  Tear it off, but not a lot, only so much you can take Some try that hit  and mud lead Big shit no shit  Tear it off, but not a lot, only so much you can take Tear it off, but not a lot, it's not  to debate Big shit no duh  Right? One shot nothing
The  that  break come again, One by one I lay  and I  til I drown Turn off the room, it's  too loud,  I know I don't have to say it, Pick up and move and go find some new ground, Somewhere I know I can make it  But I won't give up, When I want it enough, No I won't give up, Anything, anyway, anyone, anyday 'Cause I've  it out, Here and the now,  Takes me day by day  Hey, will you come out tonight? Will you back down will you put up a fight? Turn me  and make  right, Make me normal, from now on  Erased  one I've replaced In the end, they're all gone, The  all fade as the time  by What  I do I was  for you, Grown sick and  of faking, Give me  eyes when I give you the truth, Finally here for the taking  But I won't give up, When I want it enough, No I won't give up, Anything, anyway, anyone, anyday Cause I've  it out, Here and the now,  Takes me day by day  [Repeat: x2] Hey, will you come out tonight? Will you back down will you put up a fight? Turn me  and make  right, Make me normal, from now on   Figured it out, Here and the now, Takes me day by day  [Repeat: x2] Hey, will you come out tonight? Will you back down will you put up a fight? Turn me  and make  right, Make me normal, from now on   Make me normal, from now on Make me normal, from now on Make me normal, from now on
Ahhhahhahhahh  She came from  Claire I knew she came from there She  a  Satellite Faster than the  of   Planet  has pink air All the  are red No one ever dies there No one has a head  Ahhhahhhahhahh  Some say she's from Mars Or one of the  stars That  after 3:30 in the morning Well she isn't  Ahhhahhhahhahhahhahh 
Stupid on the Steinway So sick upon a Steinway The  drown  See them talk and see them drown And see them  and fall around Upon the floor  Sister of mine, home again Sister of mine, home again  Lonely in a  room The  plays out of tune So silently  The  upon the floor Is  it  aznavour So out of key  Sister of mine, home again Sister of mine, home again  Broken on a ship of fools Even  must fall to rules So stupidly  Words are all just  sound Just like  they fall around And we will be  Sister of mine, home again Sister of mine, home again  Buy a car and  it rust Sister see them fall to dust They fall around  In  crowded room Paint me like the  I'm in Honestly  Sister of mine, home again Sister of mine, home again  Sister of mine Sister of mine Sister of mine Sister of mine Sister.
I'm hangin' around, I not puttin' down the  I'm in  I've  been proud, And now I'm  to shed my skin   I'm  away, I know if I stay I'll sit and spin.  Imagine the day, I'm  if they can reel me in  Pick up  I left off   Lets make a bet  We'll make a  and call this   Let's make a bet  I'm in loss and win or lose with you   I see it all now, I'm  my bow in   Comes  around, Its  too loud the  I'm in   So now I can leave, two  of me some   The one that relieves, the  disease like   Pick up  I left off   Lets make a bet  We'll make a  and call this   Let's make a bet  I'm in loss and win or lose   Speakin' in  I can't get   Think of runnin' but  I'm  of runnin' into you  Speakin' in  the way I do  Found that you  quite well  Cause that's your  too   I'm hangin' around, I'm not puttin' down the  I'm in  In love with the sound, its gettin' too loud
Disenchanted Lullaby Sing me yours, I'll sing you mine Sing with me now what's a boy to do? What's a boy to do? Sing  for yesterday Sing  my soul today Sing  another song for you What's a boy to do?  I may be scattered A  shattered What does it matter No one has a fit like I do  I may be scattered A  shattered What does it matter? No one has a fit like I do I'm the only one that's fits you  Whispering to pass the time Whisper for the days gone by Whisper with the  inside of you With this ring you will be mine With this ring I'll multiply With this ring  to you What's a boy to do?
I can be your liar I can be your  of bad news Sick and  by The  in your fire Burning like a  inside of you But is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired  Hanging on this wire Waiting for the day I have to choose Cursed by love so dire One more boy for hire One more boy to lend a hand to you But it is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired Of you Of you  I can be your liar I can be your  of bad news Sick and  by The  in your fire Burning like a  inside of you Is this just  or the truth?  So  on me for the ruse Shame on me for the blues Another one  that I'll  use  I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired I won't go  tired of you I won't go  tired of you I'm not  tired Of you
Good and bad  I  I've had them both, they're   But is it fun  When you get hold of one  Some gone bad  And some gone back  Good ones all get  I'm callin'   You ain't  enough   Wait and pray you'll pick on me  the day I  my hand  Guess that I've been nice but I'll be    Halo  God only   Right  me  I go  Halo  God only   Right  me  I go   Say your  when you get   Pray you're  make it  And then when you're done  You keep  up  One day soon I'll   And if you'll come I'll take you  to go  To keep from  old   Wait and pray you'll pick on me  the day I  my hand  Guess that I've been nice but I'll be    Halo  God only   Right  me  I go  Halo  God only   Right  me  I go  Oh, oh, oh   Disappear, the  is   Disappear,  their rage  Disappear, I'm  of   Disappear  we get away  Halo  God only   Right  me  I go  Halo  God only   Right  me  I go  oh, oh oh
What  I do? Lonely as you Pleasure or pain I can choose What  I do? Lonely as you  Pleasure or pain I can choose  Wake up your  and I can't  your screamin' Drowning out  prayers just some  without meanin' Spare all the preachin' my secret's  keepin' No one  like I do  Keep out of  I'm your leadin' deletion Hide  these masks Though they  see  through them Every now and then You're down and out my friend Down and out again Down and out again Down and out again  One more time for the last time One more time for release One more time for the last time Everyone  to believe  Blame it on you  these  I've been losin' Blame it on the past it's the last  I knew you Blame all the  their rage and  ruin Blame it on the  and the blue Every now and then You're down and out my friend Down and out again Down and out again Down and out again I'm down with you  One more time for the last time One more time for release One more time for the last time Everyone  to believe  Every now and then You're down and out my friend Down and out again Down and out again Down and out again But I'm done with you  One more time for the last time One more time for release One more time for the last time Everyone  to believe  One more time for the last time One more time for release One more time for the last time Everyone  to believe  One more time for the last time One more time for release One more time for the very last time Everyone  to believe All Right!
Coming down I'm  round this time I  I'm  up Give me loud to  it out before the  starts  up You  and then you  again Turning like a  inside your head  Yours and mine and left and right there's  two  to everyone You and I get on with life and pray we'll find a  one You  and then you  again Turning like a  inside your head  Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Two  on the mend  Hurry now we're  out this time there's  stopping us Leave  this  town tonight and let it turn to rust You  and then you  again Turning like a  inside your head  Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Two strangers, no relation, on the mend  You  and then you  again Turning like a  inside your head  Coming down I'm  round this time I  I'm  up Give me loud to  it out before the  starts  up You  and then you  again Turning like a  inside your head  Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Overdrive we're  life or death Two  on the mend  Overdrive we're  life or  (overdrive we're  life or death) Overdrive we're  life or  (overdrive we're  life or death) Overdrive we're  life or death Two strangers, no relation Two strangers, no relation, on the mend
I have  a lifetime Waiting for the chance To save you my confession Save the one last dance The same old superstition Haunt us now and then I'm  for ignition To  it all again  We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride We'll burn away from all the  flames that burn tonight We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride  Breathe for me from now on Breathe for me when I'm gone Burn out beyond Out  the sun  Will you  remember There  the skies Walking on the embers Standing in  light The  part is knowing Everything must die The  part is  here Waiting to collide  We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride We'll burn away from all the  flames that burn tonight We'll burn away Burn away, burn away my pride  Breathe for me from now on Breathe for me when I'm gone Burn out beyond Out  the sun  Burn on, burn on Calling to you Burn on, burn on Calling to you Burn on, burn on  I'll  burn again Never burn again Never burn again Never burn again We'll  burn again Never burn again Never burn again Never burn again
Tie up the   This one is not a test  Silent all  years  But now I'm  you off my   Reeling in the moment,  I know it will  last  Tired of keepin' quiet,  Riding with all the rest   Stuck in the  no-ones  a move  I'm  in and I've got  to lose   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will  for you  For you  Hide  obsessions,  I'm  to keep in   Ride you for the   We're coming??  Reeling in the   I know it will  last  Rise up to the   High but I'm  fast   Stuck in the  no-ones  a move  I'm  in and I've got  to lose   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will   I will comeback,  I will  for you   Stuck in the  no-ones  a move  I'm  in and I've got  to lose   I will comeback,  I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback I will comeback,  I will  for you
Got my good side at the ready If the  one is on the mend Feel it in my  when you  my back Break it just to  me bend Anyway for once you  it No  what your good book says Never lookin' back 'cause I ain't no saint Just  teenage head  You gotta, wait for the  and you wait for the feeling And you wait, and you  and you shake Crawlin' back and  from the  and white  Over and over again Over and over and over again Ain't no  back  I'm walkin' a line,  Walkin' a line, walkin' a line For you  Maybe if you  you'll save me Maybe save  instead Swear  my  and I hope to die Maybe we  just play dead Runnin' out of time but I'm ready Run out when I run this red See you on the chase, I will  you down Even  you're  ahead  You gotta, wait for the  and you wait for the feeling And you wait, and you  and you shake Crawlin' back and  from the  and white  Over and over again Over and over and over again Ain't no  back no  ain't no  back, No  ain't no  back, no  ain't no  back Ain't no  back 'cause I'm walkin' a line Walkin' a line for you
There's a  I'd love to go, Strangers they can meet there, Dream  the day I  to fly. I'm  of airaplains, Even  I like  wings, Fears to be a  in the sky.  It's alright. And it's good this time.  I look out and on the ground, Really don't  it, Gravity can pull me from this hight. One day we'll come  down, What will I do, Never had a  to say goodbye. Close my eyes and hope that it's a real  flight this time. Close my eyes and hope that it's a real  flight, And it's good this time. I  down out on the ground, I  down out on the ground, I  down out on the ground, I look out we're  down.
You're a real  ride, wow right It'll beat you's up anyway, that's right You're a  pet,  wow right Sit and  one anyway, that's why  Color and the shape Color and the shape  No  yeah, wow right You're a  anyway, that's right Stand to beat your ass away, wow right Instead a  boy runs  away, that's right  Color and the shape Color and the shape  You're a  anyway, that's right That is beat your  away, wow right Sell me  boy run away, that's why
Ooh look at me in a Cadillac               You can play in a  child               I've  been  baby you're the first               come on baby  me wild,  ooh                Ooh look at me on the telephone                you want just dial               come on baby  it's so easy               do it baby  me wild                come on baby do it  me wild               do it baby  me wild                Ooh look at me on the radio               call me up and make a request               If you want  just name it               when I'm bad baby I'm the best                Ooh look at me on the big guitar                me up with a                 come on baby  it's so easy               do it baby  me wild
I  I knew all it took to  you Every word I said was true that you'll see  How  it be I'm the only one who sees your  insanity  I  refuse all the  you've abused It's all  if you're  let me be  I've been  all the pawns You've  and bound They'll come back and  you down and I'll be free  I've  all and I've endured One day it all will fade I'm sure  I don't owe you anything  I had no  hand in your ever  plan It  and when it  words are due  I should've  we were  off alone I  in and I was shown You were too  I've  all and I've endured One day it all will fade I'm sure  I don't owe you anything  I'll  around and  from all that came from it
I can be your  of way So we can get out of here I've  been the one Who runs from everyone Cos everyone's just too weird  Sink with  tied to me I'm  you volunteer Another one has come and gone They  along Make them disappear  Dress me up in stitches It's now or never Tired of  black and blue Dress me up in stitches It's now or never Tired of  black and blue Dying to get my  on you Blood on you  Take  stab at me I  in time I'll heal But  went on and on a bit too long I  out on high street There's  to find out here Another day has come and gone They  along Wasting all  years  Dress me up in stitches It's now or never Tired of  black and blue Dress me up in stitches It's now or never Tired of  black and blue Dying to get my  on you Blood on you  How can you go on When you're  someone Killing me like you do  Gimme stitches Now or never  Before I get my  on you
Take your payroll And your lottery There's a  I know There's a robbery  And I  I'll  tell If you  you'll  tell And we'll all make out so well We will all make out so well  Head on with my hate Into the  ahead I'm  that I'm  standing And I  that we all  in I'm amounted  Just the same old Glitter story From the sea floor Metamorphosis And I can't  back for you I will not  back for you I must live in skin that's new I'm a  skin that's new  Head on with my hate Into the  ahead I'm  that I'm  standing And I  that we all  in I'm amounted  Turn your  out to the outside Turn the  in to the inside Trade your  in for the inside Turn it  again Turn your  out to the outside Turn the  in to the inside Trade your  in for the inside Turn it  again  I'm amounted  And I can't  back for you No I can't  back for you
Have you been headwired? Were you satisfied? Did it free the  in your spine? Sleeping way  all this time  Will your meet your mind Where the  collides? Will you  yourself When the sun arrives?  I'll just stay behind I've met mine  Better than a  being    Tangled in your  now      Help you feed the wires When your head unwinds? And if our  become entwined You can have all mine I'll be fine  There's a  why Keeping me alive There's a cure in me That I wish were mine As long as I can fight, I'll survive  Better than a  being    Tangled in your  now Better than a  being    Tangled in your  now  Stationed on the wire One day I'll let go Tell them all 'Hello' Tell them all 'Hello'  The sun is on Arlandria  Headwires
Call and I'll answer At home in the lost and found You say that I'm much too proud Someone who's  pleasure In  down  Never mind the mannequins Drunk in  hollow town Drinking  spoils down Cheap imitations A  is now  Yeah, you won't find me I'm  M.I.A. Tonight I'm leaving Going M.I.A. Getting lost in you again Is  than  numb  Counting  minute Till the  comes  down Run when it hits the ground I'm good at escaping, But  at  out  Calling unanswered The  becomes  out Stuck in the  now It's fear I'm embracing I  could face you down  Yeah, you won't find me I'm  M.I.A. Tonight I'm leaving Going M.I.A. Getting lost in you again Is  than  numb  Red, red,  around your head Cold and rescued  Call and I'll answer At home in the lost and found You say that I'm much too proud Someone who's  pleasure In  down  Yeah, you won't find me I'm  M.I.A. Tonight I'm leaving Going M.I.A. So you don't find me I'm  M.I.A. Tonight I'm leaving Going M.I.A. Say  to me I'm  M.I.A. I can find relief I'm  M.I.A. Getting lost in you again Is  than  numb  Better than  dumb
I'll  be fraternity Another  fraternity Never  fraternity Just  bored in life  I'll  be fraternity I'll  need that  of me Fading the pace  your eyes Free to be  for  and size Waiting  and  you rise Go on keep    Swearing by the  Swearing   Swearing father  I'll  be fraternity Another  fraternity Never  fraternity Just  bored in life  I don't  fraternities See the  fraternities Wait of the hate  your eyes Free to be  for  and size Waiting  and  your rise Go on keep feeding  Swearing by them  Swearing father Swearing    I'll  be fraternity Another  fraternity Never  fraternity Just  bored in life  Hand me down  I'll  be fraternity Another  fraternity Never  fraternity Just  bored in life  Bored in life Bored in life
Dear lover Do you remember? The  of your  and demise And that was all I need to fall in love  This matter It's  bigger Anything ever  my heart And that was all I  fall in love, with you And I can't  this now  Did you find some  with me? Now I know the way true love  be  Dear lover Do you remember? The  of my  that I gave you And that was all I need to fall in love  It shattered Slipped  my fingers Floated down  into your hands And that was all I  fall in love, with you I can't  this now  Ooh Ooh Ooh  Did you find some  with me?  Yea yea yea Yea yea yea yea
I have a  between the bat or the belt Each time I hear  the hand you've been dealt Spare me confessions, it's  you sell Maybe I'll fall behind, I don't mind 'cause I'll  up! Want a song that's indelible, like manimal, I hope you  see me wind up  Will I be  on the back of the shelf? Will you be  when we're  a cell? Spare me the  since you know me so well Someday you'll  I get shy and I  up! Want a song that's indelible, like manimal, I hope you  see me wind up What is  with this animal? I'm terrible I hope you  see me wind up  Farewell, my  paramania Farewell, my  paramania My only  is that I'll  tell Keep you at a  from the  that I felt I'll bite the bullet, take the  until I take it all back anyway.  What was I  to say? Want a song that's indelible, like manimal, I hope you  see me wind up What is  with this animal? I'm terrible I hope you  see me wind up
The rain is here, and you, my dear, are  my friend It's true two of us are back as one again I was the one who left you Always  back I  forget you, girl Now I am up in arms again  The rain is here, and you, my dear, are  my friend It's true, the two of us are back as one again I was the one who left you Always  back I  forget you, girl Now I am up in arms again  Together now, I don't know how this love  end My  heart, it  apart for you to mend I was the one who left you  Always  back I  forget you, girl Now I am up in arms again I was the one who left you  Always  back I  forget you, girl Now I am up in arms again I was the one who left you  Always  back I  forget you, girl Now I am up in arms again
Have you  your way  the down and out? I know it must seem long, so long I'm  trying' to keep this time from runnin' out Head down,  movin' on and on and on I  heard this warnin'  Another  mornin'  me,  me into If you  manage me, I'll try to  you But  it's all I ever do I felt like this on my way home  I'm not scared I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared I'll  tell you the  I'm holdin' I know  things must bore you I can't find  way I'll  tell you the  I'm holdin' I love this  that  me When I try to run away  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared, I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared, I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared, I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared  I felt like this on my way home I'm not scared I pass  and the Kingdome I'm not scared
You're a real  ride, wow right It'll beat you's up anyway, that's right You're a  pet,  wow right Sit and  one anyway, that's why  Color and the shape Color and the shape  No  yeah, wow right You're a  anyway, that's right Stand to beat your ass away, wow right Instead a  boy runs  away, that's right  Shape  You're a  anyway, that's right That is beat your  away, wow right Sell me  boy run away, that's why


I  it to the mailman I'm  against a pot plant I'm sick of all the sun-tan Oily with the ray-ban  Take that to the bank and call it a check Masked  a weapon  I'm  as a spit pan Dealing with the shit plan Playing with my bad hand Just  rock band  Take that to the man and call it a check Trapped  a contract  Hey  boy  you were  the  widow The rest of us were  Melrose  I  swim in the wattershed I  listen to the flowerhead I lost a  and  I bled I keep on  I get ahead  Pissed at all the disc jam Pissed  the 5-ham Pissed  the  state I miss it and I can't wait  Hey man can't you tell it's  a problem? See you at the devil's tower  I  swim in the wattershed I  listen to the flowerhead I lost a  and  I bled I keep on  I get ahead  Pissed at all the disc jam Pissed  the 5-ham Pissed  the  state I miss it and I can't wait
Since I'm  down all of the true  around, but I like it I  down the crown,  the  and the  of may The  of  ousted  and goes When I  about it the wind blows I hate it  Run me out of town,  a move  intended a gown at Pissed at all the bowels,  the  and a  smile Missed all of the sideways, gull and noun Chills and  band-aids,  around I hate it  Good grief
The  that I got onto up and left that town Threw it up as it went down Strange  it left me rude and  around Watched as they all took  vows  Fools were  trying to save that day I don't  that anyway  Phase it out  the  ones return Have a seat and  it burn Trace  the  this is what I've learned Always  for my turn
Leading  along Never far from  wrong Never mind  things at all It's nothing  Couldn't find a way to you Seems that's all I ever do Turning up in  and blue Rewarded  All the  we all left  Wait  the time has come Figure that's  time  from Leaving all my  numb Is heaven  Lifted up the fay to seen Anything  never be Anything but play to me In order  Take it back for them to keep Fallen into  deep Not that I had made that leap Anointed  Where have all the  gone Now that all of that is done Wish I would've felt I've won For once
I'm not  that much Running  and lost If it  be undone Will it have costed? It's  and lost  Blowing away we stray, wilted Insuited, at fault What if the day had  in bed These  we've brought At fault  After the  has long ended This  this fault Give me a  that's long winded Accosted  arrested
Oh, girl, I've  you very well I've seen you  every day I  really  before But now you take my  away Suddenly you're in my life Part of  I do You got me  day and night Just tryin' to keep a hold on you  Here in your arms I  my paradise My only  for happiness And if I lose you now, I  I  die Oh, say you'll  be my baby, we can make it shine We can take forever, just a  at a time  More than a  (ooh, my baby) More than a  to me More than a  (ooh-ooh, my baby) More than a  to me  Oh There are  old and true Of  so in love like you and me And I can see myself Let  repeat itself Reflecting how I feel for you Thinking 'bout  people  though I know that in a  years I'd fall in love with you again  This is the only way that we  fly This is the only way to go And if I lose your love, I know I  die Oh, say you'll  be my baby, we can make it shine We can take forever, just a  at a time  More than a  (oh, oh) More than a  to me More than a  (ooh, my baby) More than a  to me  Oh-oh-oh More than a  (ooh-ooh) More than a  to me (oh, so much more) More than a  (oh) More than a  to me  More than a woman More than a  to me More than a woman More than a  to me
You got me  at that  in your eyes  I was  your   I was  you no lies and I was  you  When the  are said, baby, I lose my head  And in this  of people, there's only you and I  There ain't  come  us in the end  How can I hold you when you ain't even mine? Only you can see me   I  it up to you   Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and  more   All that I need is just one  in your arms  I was  your   I was  you no harm And I was  you  Make it shine, make it rain, baby, I know my way   I need that  sensation of  in your love  I can't  when you're away, it  me down  You are the  and the  am I  Only you can see me   I  it up to you   Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and  more   And in this  of people, there's only you and I  There ain't  come  us in the end  Ah, how can I hold you when you ain't even mine? Only you can see me   I  it up to you  Oh  Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and  more   Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and  more   Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and  more   Do it right,  me  the   Shadow dancing, baby, you do it  (oh, oh) Give me more, drag me  the   Shadow dancing, all this and nothing
I've been  on a war  I was young Since I was a  boy with a toy gun Never  wanted to be  one Just  to love everyone  Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this More to this, more to this than Just  on a war? Just  on a war?  Every day  for the sky to fall Big  on a  that's so small Just a boy with  left to go Fell in love with a  on the radio  Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this than that? Is  more to this More to this, more to this than Just  on a war? Just  on a war?  Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that  I've been  on a war  I was young Since I was a  boy with a toy gun  Is  more to this More to this, more to this than Just  on a war? Just  on a war?  Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that Just  on a war for this and that There's got to be more to this than that  Because I need more Yeah, I need more Just  on a war Just  on a war Yeah, I need more (For this and that) (There's got to be more to this than that) (Just  on a war) Yeah, I need more (For this and that) (There's got to be more to this than that) (Just  on a war)
Listen to the ground There is  all around There is  goin' down I can feel it  On the  of the air There is dancin' out there It's somethin' we can share We can  it  And that  city woman She  through the light Controlling my mind and my soul Reach out for me Yeah, and the feelin' is right  Oh the  fever,  fever We know how to do it Gimme that  fever,  fever We know how to show it  Here I am Prayin' for this  to last Livin' on the  so fine Borne on the wind Makin' it mine  Oh the  fever,  fever We know how to do it Gimme that  fever,  fever We know how to show it  In the heat of our love Don't need no help for us to make it Gimme just  to take us to the mornin' I got fire in my mind I get  in my walkin' And I'm glowin' in the dark Give you warnin'  That  city woman She  through the night Controlling my mind and my soul Reach out for me and the feelin' is right  Oh the  fever,  fever We know how to do it Gimme that  fever,  fever We know how to show it  Here I am Prayin' for this  to last Livin' on the  so fine Borne on the wind Makin' it mine  Oh the  fever,  fever We know how to do it Livin' for  single night  Gimme that  fever,  fever We know how to show it Oh the  fever,  fever We know how to do it  Gimme that  fever,  fever We know how to show it
My baby  at midnight Goes  on 'til the dawn My  takes me higher My  keeps me warm  What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah You  be dancing, yeah Dancing, yeah  She's  and she's trouble She gets it to me good My  gives me power Goes  down to my blood  What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah You  be dancing, yeah Dancing, yeah  What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah You  be dancing, yeah Dancing, yeah  Do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do Do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do Do-do-do, do  Do-do-do-do Do-do-do-do Do-do-do, do Do-do-do  My baby  at midnight Goes  on 'til the dawn My  takes me higher My  keeps me warm  What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah You  be dancing, yeah Dancing, yeah  What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah What you doin' on your bed on your back? Ah You  be dancing, yeah Dancing, yeah  You  be dancing, yeah You  be dancing, yeah You  be dancing, yeah You  be dancing, yeah You  be dancing, yeah
Da  yah shot  Yeah  Da  yah shot  Got to get  to the party  Da  yah shot  Got to get  to the party  Da  yah shot  Da p...
Say a prayer,  the light,  upon a scale The  is cold, that ship has sailed Time has run the  dry, dry as a  trail Into the bone, I'm into it  Ever get the  nothing else will do I  hear you singing,  her blue Was the joke revealing, did you  your name? On a  ceiling I can't explain  I need  at midnight But it ain't no cure Medicine at  calling But it ain't no cure I may be sick but you know I'm yours  I  dancing hard  the dead moon Howling with you howling  Ever get the  nothing else will do I  hear you singing I can't explain  I need  at midnight But it ain't no cure Medicine at  howling But it ain't no cure I may be sick but you know I'm yours  Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes  Medicine at midnight But it ain't no cure Medicine at  howling But it ain't no cure I may be sick but you know I'm yours  Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes Rain on the  floor, back  the ropes
Big baby  high Hope it don't  when the  dies I got  dreams,  in tight Silver  sister in a suit and tie Two  sick and tired Standing in the  it's my good side Match made in heaven, show me the light Burn the  down like a  on fire Cloudspotter (cloudspotter) Cloudspotter (cloudspotter) Burn the  down like a  on fire Cloudspotter Cloudspotter  Calling on  else's dime Put your two  where the sun don't shine  Swing,  guillotine queen Swinging from the left to the right Bang, bang, bang, you're so mean Go and look good, go and look good Swing,  guillotine queen Cut me back down to size Bang, bang, bang, you know what I mean Go and look good, go and look good Cloudspotter  Head  in the dead of night Just a pair of  parasites Put me on hold, hold on tight Everything's  when you've got no right Cloudspotter (cloudspotter) Cloudspotter (cloudspotter) Everything's  when you've got no right Cloudspotter Cloudspotter  I need to know, but I don't ask why Refuse me  I kiss the sky  Swing,  guillotine queen Swinging from the left to the right Bang, bang, bang, you're so mean Go and look good, go and look good Swing,  guillotine queen Cut me back down to size Bang, bang, bang, you know what I mean Go and look good, go and look good Cloudspotter Cloudspotter  I need to know, but I don't ask why Refuse me  I kiss the sky  Swing,  guillotine queen Swinging from the left to the right Bang, bang, bang, you're so mean Go and look good, go and look good Swing,  guillotine queen Cut me back down to size Bang, bang, bang, you know what I mean Go and look good, go and look good Cloudspotter Cloudspotter
I got this  and I've been  it out on you Taking it out on you, oh you Like a  that's  breaking down on you Breaking down on you, so true  I spin around, around, around Spin around,  around Spin around, around Out of the blue  Holding the  down Holding the  down Something to  you out I'm  the  down You know I want what I want, I get what I get I know what I need, I know what I said Holding the  down Holding the  down  I get the  there ain't  that I can do Nothing will get me through, so blue Sometimes I dream, I can dream, I can dream And then I bleed, and I bleed, and I bleed I get the  that there's  that I can do  I spin around, around, around Spin around, around, around Spin around, around Out of the blue  Holding the  down Holding the  down Something to  you out I'm  the  down You know I want what I want, I get what I get I know what I need, I know what I said Holding the  down Holding the  down  Stand around, around, around Stand around, around, around Stand around, around Out of the blue  Holding the  down Holding the  down Something to  you out I'm  the  down You know I want what I want, I get what I get I know what I need, I know what I said Holding the  down Holding the  down
No son of mine will ever do The work of villains, the will of fools If you  it, it must be true No son of mine, no son of mine  No son of mine will ever need To beg forgiveness, no  deed Head full of evil,  full of greed No son of mine, no son of mine  Here we are,  dead Hand to God with one foot in the grave Age of lost innocence Don't  what your good book says  No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine  No son of mine will ever be Under the  vested in thee March into  down on his knees No son of mine, no son of mine  Here we are,  dead Hand to God with one foot in the grave Age of lost innocence Don't  what your good book says  No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine, oh  No son of mine will ever say Words of illusion, oh, this I pray Heretofore  my name in vain No son of mine, no son of mine  Here we are,  dead Hand to God with one foot in the grave Age of lost innocence Don't  what your good book says  No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine No son of mine, oh
Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na  I've been waiting, elevating,  on a line Hate to say it your new favorite's  out of style Threw away  broken heroes, they're just wood and wires Hallelujah,  the news, but don't  the hype  Alright Are you  of the dark? I know a  we can start  But if this is our last time Make up your mind I've  a  to live It's time to ignite I'm  a fire  I was  when I said I'd  tell a lie Lucky then I took a  and  hit my stride  Bye bye Are you  of the dark? I know a  we can start  But if this is our last time Make up your mind I've  a  to live It's time to ignite I'm  a fire  Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na  Are you  of the dark? I know a  we can start  Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na  So if this is our last time Make up your mind I've  a  to live It's down to the wire  This is our last time I've made up my mind I've  a  to live It's time to ignite I'm  a fire  Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na Na na, na-na-na-na, na, na Na-na-na-na, na, na, na-na-na-na, na
Love dies  and there's no resuscitation Once it's done, no regeneration It's a  game that'll make you play Your hand  your chest Love dies young  Love dies  and there's no reanimation Once it's gone, no regeneration It's a  kiss that'll make you wish You  had a taste  Love dies young, oh Love dies young, oh Please don't take my breath Don't take my  away Love dies young  Love's so dumb so what's the fascination Leaves you numb with a  reputation When you lose your head and  go out You'll  be the same  Love dies young, oh Love dies young, oh Please don't take my breath Don't take my  away Love dies young  Never-ending cemeteries,  parades All your  are  in  place  Love dies young, oh Please don't take my breath Don't take my  away Love dies young  Love dies young, oh Love dies young, oh Please don't take my breath Don't take my  away Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young Love dies young
Chasing  to get high My head is in the clouds Chasing  to get by I'm  coming down  My  is six feet underground The road to hell is  with good intentions Dark  of mine The road to hell is  with  parts Bleeding  like mine  Chasing  through the sky And deep into the black Chasing birds, say goodbye I'm  coming back  Here  another  attack The road to hell is  with good intentions Dark  of mine The road to hell is  with  parts Bleeding  like mine  Chasing  to get high I'm  coming down  My  is six feet underground The road to hell is  with good intentions Dark  of mine The road to hell is  with  parts Bleeding  like mine  Chasing birds Chasing birds Chasing birds Chasing birds Chasing birds Chasing birds
Ah, ah  Ah, ah Ah, ah  The sky is a neighborhood So keep it down Heart is a storybook A star  out  The sky is a neighborhood Don't make a sound Lights  up ahead Don't look now  The sky is a  (ah, ah) The sky is a  (ah, ah) Don't look now  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Mind is a battlefield All hope is gone Trouble to the  and left Whose side you're on?  Thoughts like a minefield I'm a  bomb Maybe you  watch your step Don't get lost  The sky is a  (ah, ah) The sky is a  (ah, ah) Don't get lost  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  The sky is a neighborhood  Heart is a storybook A star  out Something  up ahead Don't look now  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  Oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  (The sky is a neighborhood) oh, my dear,  is a big bang now Gotta get to  somehow (the sky is a neighborhood) Bangin' on the ceiling Bangin' on the ceiling Keep it down  The sky is a neighborhood
Here I lie In a lost and  part of town Held in time In a  of  I  drown Goin' home I just can't make it all alone I  should be  you Holding you Loving you,  you  Tragedy When the feeling's gone and you can't go on It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one to love you You're goin' nowhere Tragedy When you lose  and you got no soul It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one  you You're goin' nowhere  Night and day There's a  down  of me Oh,  love With a  that won't let me be Down I go And I just can't take it all alone I  should be  you Holding you Loving you,  you  Tragedy When the feeling's gone and you can't go on It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one to love you You're goin' nowhere Tragedy When you lose  and you got no soul It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one  you You're goin' nowhere  Tragedy When the feeling's gone and you can't go on It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one to love you, you're goin' nowhere Tragedy When you lose  and you got no soul It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one  you, you're goin' nowhere  Tragedy When the feeling's gone and you can't go on It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one to love you, you're goin' nowhere Tragedy When you lose  and you got no soul It's tragedy When the  cries and you don't know why It's hard to bear With no one  you, you're goin' nowhere
Restless  one Comfortable and warm Let me fall apart Crippled in your arms  Chase me  the dark Ready on your mark First to  the stars Wins a  heart One that  apart Shattered from the start  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Cages and alarms Keeping us from harm I will be the guard Hope to rest upon  Could I be the one To  a will so strong Pray it won't be long Til your will is gone Everything is done Nothing left at all  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Are you there? Will you give in? Are you there? If I give out Over and out  Cages and alarms Keeping us from harm I will be the guard Hope to rest upon Everything is done Nothing left at all  Are you there? Do you read me? Are you there? I don't feel you anymore  Are you there? Will you give in? Are you there? If I give out
If you want to I'll make you feel  real just to  you Now I got you Under my thumb, like a drug, I will  you I'll be the one Be the moon, be the sun Be the rain in your song Put that  on If you want to I'll be the one Be the  that will  you  Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame  Another  under the skin Another  of loneliness I  a  and  it Beneath a  of emptiness Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Shame, shame Shame, shame  Who? What? Where? When? (Shame, shame) Just move along,  wrong (shame) 'Til we meet  (shame) I'll be the end (shame, shame) I'll be the war at your door (shame) Come and let me in (shame) I'll be the one (shame) Be the moon, be the sun (shame) Be the rain in your song (shame) Put that  on (shame) If you want to (shame, shame) I'll be the one (shame) Be the  that will  you (shame)  Another  under the skin Another  of loneliness I  a  and  it Beneath a  of emptiness Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame  Another  under the skin Another  of loneliness I  a  and  it Beneath a  of emptiness Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame Shame, shame