Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend Keep you in the dark And so it all began  Send in your skeletons Sing as  bones go  in, again The need you  deep The  that you keep are ever ready Are you ready? I'm  making sense Done  ignorance That  defense  Spinning infinity, boy The  is  me It's never-ending, never-ending Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  In time our soul untold I'm just  soul for sale, oh well The page is out of print We are not permanent We're temporary, temporary Same old story  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  I'm the  inside your head You  to hear I'm the face that you have to face Mirrored in your stare I'm what's left, I'm what's right I'm the enemy I'm the hand that will take you down Bring you to your knees  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?  Keep you in the dark You know they all pretend  What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say I will  surrender? What if I say I'm not like the others? What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? You're the pretender What if I say that I'll  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  What if I say I'm not like the others? (Keep you in the dark) What if I say I'm not just  one of your plays? (You know they all pretend) You're the pretender (Who dares) What if I say I will  surrender?  So who are you? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you?